d faith effort to ensure that,
    in the event an application does not supply such function or
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of
    its purpose remains meaningful.

    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square
    root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote
it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
collective works based on the Library.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
the scope of this License.

  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,
instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify
that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in
these notices.
^L
  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.

  This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of
the Library into a program that is not a library.

  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany
it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which
must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a
medium customarily used for software interchange.

  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the
source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to
distribute the source code, even though third parties are not
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or
linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a
work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and
therefore falls outside the scope of this License.

  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the
library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.

  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.

  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data
structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline
functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object
file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative
work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the
Library will still fall under Section 6.)

  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,
whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.
^L
  6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or
link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a
work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work
under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit
modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications.

  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by
this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work
during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference
directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one
of these things:

    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application
    to use the modified definitions.)

    b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
    Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a
    copy of the library already present on the user's computer system,
    rather than copying library functions into the executable, and (2)
    will operate properly with a modified version of the library, if
    the user installs one, as long as the modified version is
    interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with.

    c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at least
    three years, to give the same user the materials specified in
    Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more than the cost of
    performing this distribution.

    d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above
    specified materials from the same place.

    e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these
    materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.

  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,
the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is
normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies
the executable.

  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot
use both them and the Library together in an executable that you
distribute.
^L
  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise
permitted, and provided that you do these two things:

    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the
    Sections above.

    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute
the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any
attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or
distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your
rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,
or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses
terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

  9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
the Library or works based on it.

  10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library
subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with
this License.
^L
  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under
any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to
apply, and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other
circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
integrity of the free software distribution system which is
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
be a consequence of the rest of this License.

  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License
may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those
countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among
countries not thus excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates
the limitation as if written in the body of this License.

  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time.
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,
but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and
"any later version", you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by
the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a
license version number, you may choose any version ever published by
the Free Software Foundation.
^L
  14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,
write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free
Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our
decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status
of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing
and reuse of software generally.

			    NO WARRANTY

  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

		     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
^L
	   How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries

  If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest
possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that
everyone can redistribute and change.  You can do so by permitting
redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms
of the ordinary General Public License).

  To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library.
It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most
effectively convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should
have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full
notice is found.


    &lt;one line to give the library's name and a brief idea of what it does.&gt;
    Copyright (C) &lt;year&gt;  &lt;name of author&gt;

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
    version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    Lesser General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Suite 500, Boston, MA 02111-1307  USA

Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.

You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or
your school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library,
if necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:

  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the
  library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James
  Random Hacker.

  &lt;signature of Ty Coon&gt;, 1 April 1990
  Ty Coon, President of Vice

That's all there is to it!


</pre>
</div>
</div>


<div class="product">
<span class="title">valgrind</span>
<a class="show" href="#">show license</a>
<span class="homepage"><a href="http://valgrind.org">homepage</a></span>
<div class="licence">
<pre>   Notice that the following BSD-style license applies to the Valgrind header
   files used by Chromium (valgrind.h and memcheck.h). However, the rest of
   Valgrind is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License,
   version 2, unless otherwise indicated.

   ----------------------------------------------------------------

   Copyright (C) 2000-2008 Julian Seward.  All rights reserved.

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
   are met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

   2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
      not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this 
      software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product 
      documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

   3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
      not be misrepresented as being the original software.

   4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote 
      products derived from this software without specific prior written 
      permission.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
   OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
   WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
   ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
   DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
   DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
   GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
   INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
   WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
   NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
   SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
</pre>
</div>
</div>


<div class="product">
<span class="title">woff2</span>
<a class="show" href="#">show license</a>
<span class="homepage"><a href="https://github.com/google/woff2">homepage</a></span>
<div class="licence">
<pre>
                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
</pre>
</div>
</div>


<div class="product">
<span class="title">x86inc</span>
<a class="show" href="#">show license</a>
<span class="homepage"><a href="http://git.videolan.org/?p=x264.git;a=blob;f=common/x86/x86inc.asm">homepage</a></span>
<div class="licence">
<pre>;*****************************************************************************
;* x86inc.asm
;*****************************************************************************
;* Copyright (C) 2005-2011 x264 project
;*
;* Authors: Loren Merritt &lt;lorenm@u.washington.edu&gt;
;*          Anton Mitrofanov &lt;BugMaster@narod.ru&gt;
;*          Jason Garrett-Glaser &lt;darkshikari@gmail.com&gt;
;*
;* Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
;* purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
;* copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
;*
;* THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
;* WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
;* MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
;* ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
;* WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
;* ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
;* OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
;*****************************************************************************

; This is a header file for the x264ASM assembly language, which uses
; NASM/YASM syntax combined with a large number of macros to provide easy
; abstraction between different calling conventions (x86_32, win64, linux64).
; It also has various other useful features to simplify writing the kind of
; DSP functions that are most often used in x264.

; Unlike the rest of x264, this file is available under an ISC license, as it
; has significant usefulness outside of x264 and we want it to be available
; to the largest audience possible.  Of course, if you modify it for your own
; purposes to add a new feature, we strongly encourage contributing a patch
; as this feature might be useful for others as well.  Send patches or ideas
; to x264-devel@videolan.org .
</pre>
</div>
</div>


<div class="product">
<span class="title">xdg-mime</span>
<a class="show" href="#">show license</a>
<span class="homepage"><a href="http://freedesktop.org">homepage</a></span>
<div class="licence">
<pre>Licensed under the Academic Free License version 2.0 (below)
Or under the following terms:

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,
Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Academic Free License v. 2.0
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This Academic Free License (the "License") applies to any original work of
authorship (the "Original Work") whose owner (the "Licensor") has placed the
following notice immediately following the copyright notice for the Original
Work:

Licensed under the Academic Free License version 2.0
1) Grant of Copyright License. Licensor hereby grants You a world-wide,
royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual, sublicenseable license to do the
following:

a) to reproduce the Original Work in copies;
b) to prepare derivative works ("Derivative Works") based upon the Original
   Work;
c) to distribute copies of the Original Work and Derivative Works to the
   public;
d) to perform the Original Work publicly; and
e) to display the Original Work publicly.

2) Grant of Patent License. Licensor hereby grants You a world-wide,
royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual, sublicenseable license, under patent
claims owned or controlled by the Licensor that are embodied in the Original
Work as furnished by the Licensor, to make, use, sell and offer for sale the
Original Work and Derivative Works.

3) Grant of Source Code License. The term "Source Code" means the preferred
form of the Original Work for making modifications to it and all available
documentation describing how to modify the Original Work. Licensor hereby
agrees to provide a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the Original
Work along with each copy of the Original Work that Licensor distributes.
Licensor reserves the right to satisfy this obligation by placing a
machine-readable copy of the Source Code in an information repository
reasonably calculated to permit inexpensive and convenient access by You for as
long as Licensor continues to distribute the Original Work, and by publishing
the address of that information repository in a notice immediately following
the copyright notice that applies to the Original Work.

4) Exclusions From License Grant. Neither the names of Licensor, nor the names
of any contributors to the Original Work, nor any of their trademarks or
service marks, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
Original Work without express prior written permission of the Licensor. Nothing
in this License shall be deemed to grant any rights to trademarks, copyrights,
patents, trade secrets or any other intellectual property of Licensor except as
expressly stated herein. No patent license is granted to make, use, sell or
offer to sell embodiments of any patent claims other than the licensed claims
defined in Section 2. No right is granted to the trademarks of Licensor even if
such marks are included in the Original Work. Nothing in this License shall be
interpreted to prohibit Licensor from licensing under different terms from this
License any Original Work that Licensor otherwise would have a right to
license.

5) This section intentionally omitted.

6) Attribution Rights. You must retain, in the Source Code of any Derivative
Works that You create, all copyright, patent or trademark notices from the
Source Code of the Original Work, as well as any notices of licensing and any
descriptive text identified therein as an "Attribution Notice." You must cause
the Source Code for any Derivative Works that You create to carry a prominent
Attribution Notice reasonably calculated to inform recipients that You have
modified the Original Work.

7) Warranty of Provenance and Disclaimer of Warranty. Licensor warrants that
the copyright in and to the Original Work and the patent rights granted herein
by Licensor are owned by the Licensor or are sublicensed to You under the terms
of this License with the permission of the contributor(s) of those copyrights
and patent rights. Except as expressly stated in the immediately proceeding
sentence, the Original Work is provided under this License on an "AS IS" BASIS
and WITHOUT WARRANTY, either express or implied, including, without limitation,
the warranties of NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY OF THE ORIGINAL WORK IS WITH YOU.
This DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY constitutes an essential part of this License. No
license to Original Work is granted hereunder except under this disclaimer.

8) Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances and under no legal theory,
whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall the
Licensor be liable to any person for any direct, indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License
or the use of the Original Work including, without limitation, damages for loss
of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
other commercial damages or losses. This limitation of liability shall not
apply to liability for death or personal injury resulting from Licensor's
negligence to the extent applicable law prohibits such limitation. Some
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so this exclusion and limitation may not apply to You.

9) Acceptance and Termination. If You distribute copies of the Original Work or
a Derivative Work, You must make a reasonable effort under the circumstances to
obtain the express assent of recipients to the terms of this License. Nothing
else but this License (or another written agreement between Licensor and You)
grants You permission to create Derivative Works based upon the Original Work
or to exercise any of the rights granted in Section 1 herein, and any attempt
to do so except under the terms of this License (or another written agreement
between Licensor and You) is expressly prohibited by U.S. copyright law, the
equivalent laws of other countries, and by international treaty. Therefore, by
exercising any of the rights granted to You in Section 1 herein, You indicate
Your acceptance of this License and all of its terms and conditions.

10) Termination for Patent Action. This License shall terminate automatically
and You may no longer exercise any of the rights granted to You by this License
as of the date You commence an action, including a cross-claim or counterclaim,
for patent infringement (i) against Licensor with respect to a patent
applicable to software or (ii) against any entity with respect to a patent
applicable to the Original Work (but excluding combinations of the Original
Work with other software or hardware).

11) Jurisdiction, Venue and Governing Law. Any action or suit relating to this
License may be brought only in the courts of a jurisdiction wherein the
Licensor resides or in which Licensor conducts its primary business, and under
the laws of that jurisdiction excluding its conflict-of-law provisions. The
application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any use of the Original Work outside the
scope of this License or after its termination shall be subject to the
requirements and penalties of the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. 101 et seq.,
the equivalent laws of other countries, and international treaty. This section
shall survive the termination of this License.

12) Attorneys Fees. In any action to enforce the terms of this License or
seeking damages relating thereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover its costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with such action, including
any appeal of such action. This section shall survive the termination of this
License.

13) Miscellaneous. This License represents the complete agreement concerning
the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to
make it enforceable.

14) Definition of "You" in This License. "You" throughout this License, whether
in upper or lower case, means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights
under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License. For legal
entities, "You" includes any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with you. For purposes of this definition, "control" means
(i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such
entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent
(50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such
entity.

15) Right to Use. You may use the Original Work in all ways not otherwise
restricted or conditioned by this License or by law, and Licensor promises not
to interfere with or be responsible for such uses by You.

This license is Copyright (C) 2003 Lawrence E. Rosen. All rights reserved.
Permission is hereby granted to copy and distribute this license without
modification. This license may not be modified without the express written
permission of its copyright owner.
</pre>
</div>
</div>


<div class="product">
<span class="title">xdg-user-dirs</span>
<a class="show" href="#">show license</a>
<span class="homepage"><a href="http://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/xdg-user-dirs">homepage</a></span>
<div class="licence">
<pre>  Copyright (c) 2007 Red Hat, inc

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
  obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
  (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
  including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
  publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
  and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
  subject to the following conditions: 

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
  BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
  ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
  CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
  SOFTWARE.
</pre>
</div>
</div>


<div class="product">
<span class="title">yasm</span>
<a class="show" href="#">show license</a>
<span class="homepage"><a href="http://www.tortall.net/projects/yasm/">homepage</a></span>
<div class="licence">
<pre>Yasm is Copyright (c) 2001-2010 Peter Johnson and other Yasm developers.

Yasm developers and/or contributors include:
  Peter Johnson
  Michael Urman
  Brian Gladman (Visual Studio build files, other fixes)
  Stanislav Karchebny (options parser)
  Mathieu Monnier (SSE4 instruction patches, NASM preprocessor additions)
  Anonymous "NASM64" developer (NASM preprocessor fixes)
  Stephen Polkowski (x86 instruction patches)
  Henryk Richter (Mach-O object format)
  Ben Skeggs (patches, bug reports)
  Alexei Svitkine (GAS preprocessor)
  Samuel Thibault (TASM parser and frontend)

-----------------------------------
Yasm licensing overview and summary
-----------------------------------

Note: This document does not provide legal advice nor is it the actual
license of any part of Yasm.  See the individual licenses for complete
details.  Consult a lawyer for legal advice.

The primary license of Yasm is the 2-clause BSD license.  Please use this
license if you plan on submitting code to the project.

Yasm has absolutely no warranty; not even for merchantibility or fitness
for a particular purpose.

-------
Libyasm
-------
Libyasm is 2-clause or 3-clause BSD licensed, with the exception of
bitvect, which is triple-licensed under the Artistic license, GPL, and
LGPL.  Libyasm is thus GPL and LGPL compatible.  In addition, this also
means that libyasm is free for binary-only distribution as long as the
terms of the 3-clause BSD license and Artistic license (as it applies to
bitvect) are fulfilled.

-------
Modules
-------
The modules are 2-clause or 3-clause BSD licensed.

---------
Frontends
---------
The frontends are 2-clause BSD licensed.

-------------
License Texts
-------------
The full text of all licenses are provided in separate files in the source
distribution.  Each source file may include the entire license (in the case
of the BSD and Artistic licenses), or may reference the GPL or LGPL license
file.

BSD.txt - 2-clause and 3-clause BSD licenses
Artistic.txt - Artistic license
GNU_GPL-2.0 - GNU General Public License
GNU_LGPL-2.0 - GNU Library General Public License
</pre>
</div>
</div>


<div class="product">
<span class="title">zlib</span>
<a class="show" href="#">show license</a>
<span class="homepage"><a href="http://zlib.net/">homepage</a></span>
<div class="licence">
<pre>/* zlib.h -- interface of the 'zlib' general purpose compression library
  version 1.2.4, March 14th, 2010

  Copyright (C) 1995-2010 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

  Jean-loup Gailly
  Mark Adler

*/

mozzconf.h is distributed under the MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1 tri-license.
</pre>
</div>
</div>


</div>
<script src="chrome://resources/js/cr.js"></script>
<script src="chrome://credits/credits.js"></script>
</body>
</html>
// Copyright (c) 2011 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
// Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
// found in the LICENSE file.

function $(id) { return document.getElementById(id); }

function toggle(o) {
  var licence = o.nextSibling;

  while (licence.className != 'licence') {
    if (!licence) return false;
    licence = licence.nextSibling;
  }

  if (licence.style && licence.style.display == 'block') {
    licence.style.display = 'none';
    o.textContent = 'show license';
  } else {
    licence.style.display = 'block';
    o.textContent = 'hide license';
  }
  return false;
}

document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
  if (cr.isChromeOS) {
    var keyboardUtils = document.createElement('script');
    keyboardUtils.src = 'chrome://credits/keyboard_utils.js';
    document.body.appendChild(keyboardUtils);
  }

  var links = document.querySelectorAll('a.show');
  for (var i = 0; i < links.length; ++i) {
    links[i].onclick = function() { return toggle(this); };
  }

  $('print-link').onclick = function() {
    window.print();
    return false;
  };
});
<!doctype html>
<html i18n-values="dir:textdirection;lang:language">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">



  <title i18n-content="crashesTitle"></title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="chrome://resources/css/text_defaults.css">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="chrome://resources/css/widgets.css">
  <style>/* Copyright (c) 2012 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
 * Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
 * found in the LICENSE file. */

body {
  margin: 20px;
}

h1 {
  -webkit-padding-start: 75px;
  background-image: url(data:image/svg+xml;base64,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);
  background-position: left;
  background-repeat: no-repeat;
  font-size: 156%;
  font-weight: bold;
  margin: 0;
  padding-bottom: 20px;
  padding-top: 20px;
}

html[dir=rtl] h1 {
  background-position: right;
}

#countBanner {
  background-color: rgb(235, 239, 250);
  border: 1px solid #bbb;
  border-radius: 2px;
  font-size: 100%;
  padding: 4px;
}

#crashList h3 {
  font-size: 100%;
}

#crashList > div > * {
  margin: 0.75em 0;
}

#crashList a:visited {
  color: #666;
}

#crashList > div:not(:last-child) {
  border-bottom: 1px solid #bbb;
}

#disabledMode h2 {
  color: rgb(141, 51, 42);
  font-size: 125%;
}
</style>
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/action_link.js"></script>
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/load_time_data.js"></script>
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/util.js"></script>
  <script src="chrome://crashes/strings.js"></script>
  <script src="chrome://crashes/crashes.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
  <header><h1 i18n-content="crashesTitle"></h1></header>
  <div id="crashUploadStatus" hidden>
    <a is="action-link" role="button" id="uploadCrashes"
        i18n-content="uploadCrashesLinkText"></a>
  </div>
  <div id="enabledMode">
    <h2 id="countBanner"></h2>
    <div id="crashList"></div>
    <p id="noCrashes" i18n-content="noCrashesMessage" hidden></p>
  </div>
  <div id="disabledMode" hidden>
    <h2 i18n-content="disabledHeader"></h2>
    <p i18n-values=".innerHTML:disabledMessage"></p>
  </div>
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/i18n_template.js"></script>
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/jstemplate_compiled.js"></script>
</body>
</html>
// Copyright (c) 2012 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
// Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
// found in the LICENSE file.

/* Id for tracking automatic refresh of crash list.  */
var refreshCrashListId = undefined;

/**
 * Requests the list of crashes from the backend.
 */
function requestCrashes() {
  chrome.send('requestCrashList');
}

/**
 * Callback from backend with the list of crashes. Builds the UI.
 * @param {boolean} enabled Whether or not crash reporting is enabled.
 * @param {boolean} dynamicBackend Whether the crash backend is dynamic.
 * @param {array} crashes The list of crashes.
 * @param {string} version The browser version.
 * @param {string} os The OS name and version.
 */
function updateCrashList(enabled, dynamicBackend, crashes, version, os) {
  $('countBanner').textContent = loadTimeData.getStringF('crashCountFormat',
                                                         crashes.length);

  var crashSection = $('crashList');

  $('enabledMode').hidden = !enabled;
  $('disabledMode').hidden = enabled;
  $('crashUploadStatus').hidden = !enabled || !dynamicBackend;

  if (!enabled)
    return;

  // Clear any previous list.
  crashSection.textContent = '';

  var productName = loadTimeData.getString('shortProductName');

  for (var i = 0; i < crashes.length; i++) {
    var crash = crashes[i];
    if (crash['local_id'] == '')
      crash['local_id'] = productName;

    var crashBlock = document.createElement('div');
    var title = document.createElement('h3');
    title.textContent = loadTimeData.getStringF('crashHeaderFormat',
                                                crash['id'],
                                                crash['local_id']);
    crashBlock.appendChild(title);
    var date = document.createElement('p');
    date.textContent = loadTimeData.getStringF('crashTimeFormat',
                                               crash['time']);
    crashBlock.appendChild(date);
    var linkBlock = document.createElement('p');
    var link = document.createElement('a');
    var commentLines = [
      'IMPORTANT: Your crash has already been automatically reported ' +
      'to our crash system. Please file this bug only if you can provide ' +
      'more information about it.',
      '',
      '',
      'Chrome Version: ' + version,
      'Operating System: ' + os,
      '',
      'URL (if applicable) where crash occurred:',
      '',
      'Can you reproduce this crash?',
      '',
      'What steps will reproduce this crash? (If it\'s not ' +
      'reproducible, what were you doing just before the crash?)',
      '1.', '2.', '3.',
      '',
      '****DO NOT CHANGE BELOW THIS LINE****',
      'Crash ID: crash/' + crash.id
    ];
    var params = {
      template: 'Crash Report',
      comment: commentLines.join('\n'),
    };
    var href = 'https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/entry';
    for (var param in params) {
      href = appendParam(href, param, params[param]);
    }
    link.href = href;
    link.target = '_blank';
    link.textContent = loadTimeData.getString('bugLinkText');
    linkBlock.appendChild(link);
    crashBlock.appendChild(linkBlock);
    crashSection.appendChild(crashBlock);
  }

  $('noCrashes').hidden = crashes.length != 0;
}

/**
 * Request crashes get uploaded in the background.
 */
function requestCrashUpload() {
  // Don't need locking with this call because the system crash reporter
  // has locking built into itself.
  chrome.send('requestCrashUpload');

  // Trigger a refresh in 5 seconds.  Clear any previous requests.
  clearTimeout(refreshCrashListId);
  refreshCrashListId = setTimeout(requestCrashes, 5000);
}

document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
  $('uploadCrashes').onclick = requestCrashUpload;
  requestCrashes();
});
<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<!--
Copyright 2013 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
found in the LICENSE file.
-->
<html>
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <title i18n-content="domDistillerTitle"></title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="chrome://resources/css/chrome_shared.css">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="chrome://resources/css/overlay.css">
  <style>/* Copyright 2013 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
 * Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
 * found in the LICENSE file.
 */

a:visited {
  color: orange;
}

.hidden {
  visibility: hidden;
}
</style>

  
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/cr.js"></script>
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/util.js"></script>
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/load_time_data.js"></script>
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/cr/ui/overlay.js"></script>
  <script src="about_dom_distiller.js"></script>
  <script src="strings.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
  <div id="mainContent">
    <div id="list-section">
    <header>
      <h1 id="listTitle" i18n-content="domDistillerTitle"></h1>
    </header>
      <div id="add-entry">
        <label for="article_url" i18n-content="addArticleUrl"></label>
        <input type="text" id="article_url" />
        <br/>
        <button id="addbutton" i18n-content="addArticleAddButtonLabel"></button>
        <button id="viewbutton" i18n-content="viewUrlButtonLabel"></button>
        <span id="add-entry-error" i18n-content="addArticleFailedLabel"></span>
        <span id="view-url-error" i18n-content="viewUrlFailedLabel"></span>
      </div>
      <div id="update-list">
        <form>
          <button id="refreshbutton" i18n-content="refreshButtonLabel"></button>
          <span id="entries-list-loading" i18n-content="loadingEntries"></span>
        </form>
      </div>
      <ul id="entries-list">
      </ul>
    </div>
  </div>
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/i18n_template.js"></script>
  <script src="chrome://resources/js/jstemplate_compiled.js"></script>
</body>
</html>
/* Copyright 2013 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
 * Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
 * found in the LICENSE file.
 */

a:visited {
  color: orange;
}

.hidden {
  visibility: hidden;
}
// Copyright 2013 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
// Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
// found in the LICENSE file.

var domDistiller = {
  /**
   * Callback from the backend with the list of entries to display.
   * This call will build the entries section of the DOM distiller page, or hide
   * that section if there are none to display.
   * @param {!Array<string>} entries The entries.
   */
  onReceivedEntries: function(entries) {
    $('entries-list-loading').classList.add('hidden');
    if (!entries.length) $('entries-list').classList.add('hidden');

    var list = $('entries-list');
    domDistiller.removeAllChildren(list);
    for (var i = 0; i < entries.length; i++) {
      var listItem = document.createElement('li');
      var link = document.createElement('a');
      var entry_id = entries[i].entry_id;
      link.setAttribute('id', 'entry-' + entry_id);
      link.setAttribute('href', '#');
      link.innerText = entries[i].title;
      link.addEventListener('click', function(event) {
        domDistiller.onSelectArticle(event.target.id.substr("entry-".length));
      }, true);
      listItem.appendChild(link);
      list.appendChild(listItem);
    }
  },

  /**
   * Callback from the backend when adding an article failed.
   */
  onArticleAddFailed: function() {
    $('add-entry-error').classList.remove('hidden');
  },

  /**
   * Callback from the backend when viewing a URL failed.
   */
  onViewUrlFailed: function() {
    $('view-url-error').classList.remove('hidden');
  },

  removeAllChildren: function(root) {
    while(root.firstChild) {
      root.removeChild(root.firstChild);
    }
  },

  /**
   * Sends a request to the browser process to add the URL specified to the list
   * of articles.
   */
  onAddArticle: function() {
    $('add-entry-error').classList.add('hidden');
    var url = $('article_url').value;
    chrome.send('addArticle', [url]);
  },

  /**
   * Sends a request to the browser process to view a distilled version of the
   * URL specified.
   */
  onViewUrl: function() {
    $('view-url-error').classList.add('hidden');
    var url = $('article_url').value;
    chrome.send('viewUrl', [url]);
  },

  /**
   * Sends a request to the browser process to view a distilled version of the
   * selected article.
   */
  onSelectArticle: function(articleId) {
    chrome.send('selectArticle', [articleId]);
  },

  /* All the work we do on load. */
  onLoadWork: function() {
    $('list-section').classList.remove('hidden');
    $('entries-list-loading').classList.add('hidden');
    $('add-entry-error').classList.add('hidden');
    $('view-url-error').classList.add('hidden');

    $('refreshbutton').addEventListener('click', function(event) {
      domDistiller.onRequestEntries();
    }, false);
    $('addbutton').addEventListener('click', function(event) {
      domDistiller.onAddArticle();
    }, false);
    $('viewbutton').addEventListener('click', function(event) {
      domDistiller.onViewUrl();
    }, false);
    domDistiller.onRequestEntries();
  },

  onRequestEntries: function() {
    $('entries-list-loading').classList.remove('hidden');
    chrome.send('requestEntries');
  },
}

document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', domDistiller.onLoadWork);
<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<!--
Copyright 2014 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
found in the LICENSE file.
-->
<html>
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1,maximum-scale=1,user-scalable=no">
  <meta name="theme-color" id="theme-color">
  <title>$1</title>
  <!-- Placeholder for CSS. -->
  $2
  <link href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'>
</head>
<body class="$3">
  <div id="contentWrap">
    <div id="mainContent">
      <article>
        <header id="articleHeader">
          <div id="titleCollapse">
            <div class="verticalCenterOuter">
              <div class="verticalCenterInner">
                <h1 id="titleHolder"><noscript>$4</noscript></h1>
              </div>
            </div>
          </div>
        </header>
        <div id="content"><noscript>$5</noscript></div>
      </article>
      <div id="loadingIndicator" class="visible">
        <!-- SVG material loading spinner. -->
        $6
      </div>
    </div>
    <a data-original-url="$7" id="closeReaderView">$8</a>
  </div>
  <div id="feedbackContainer" class="footerFeedback hidden">
    <div class="feedbackContent">
      <div id="feedbackQuestion"></div>
      <div class="feedbackButtonWrap">
        <a class="feedbackButton" id="feedbackNo"></a>
        <a class="feedbackButton" id="feedbackYes"></a>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="clear"></div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
// Copyright 2014 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
// Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
// found in the LICENSE file.

// This variable will be changed by iOS scripts.
var distiller_on_ios = false;

function addToPage(html) {
  var div = document.createElement('div');
  div.innerHTML = html;
  document.getElementById('content').appendChild(div);
  fillYouTubePlaceholders();

  if (typeof navigate_on_initial_content_load !== 'undefined' &&
      navigate_on_initial_content_load) {
    navigate_on_initial_content_load = false;
    setTimeout(function() {
        window.location = window.location + "#loaded";
    }, 0);
  }
}

function fillYouTubePlaceholders() {
  var placeholders = document.getElementsByClassName('embed-placeholder');
  for (var i = 0; i < placeholders.length; i++) {
    if (!placeholders[i].hasAttribute('data-type') ||
        placeholders[i].getAttribute('data-type') != 'youtube' ||
        !placeholders[i].hasAttribute('data-id')) {
      continue;
    }
    var embed = document.createElement('iframe');
    var url = 'http://www.youtube.com/embed/' +
        placeholders[i].getAttribute('data-id');
    embed.setAttribute('class', 'youtubeIframe');
    embed.setAttribute('src', url);
    embed.setAttribute('type', 'text/html');
    embed.setAttribute('frameborder', '0');

    var parent = placeholders[i].parentElement;
    var container = document.createElement('div');
    container.setAttribute('class', 'youtubeContainer');
    container.appendChild(embed);

    parent.replaceChild(container, placeholders[i]);
  }
}

function showLoadingIndicator(isLastPage) {
  document.getElementById('loadingIndicator').className =
      isLastPage ? 'hidden' : 'visible';
}

// Sets the title.
function setTitle(title) {
  var holder = document.getElementById('titleHolder');

  holder.textContent = title;
  document.title = title;
}

// Set the text direction of the document ('ltr', 'rtl', or 'auto').
function setTextDirection(direction) {
  document.body.setAttribute('dir', direction);
}

// Maps JS Font Family to CSS class and then changes body class name.
// CSS classes must agree with distilledpage.css.
function useFontFamily(fontFamily) {
  var cssClass;
  if (fontFamily == "serif") {
    cssClass = "serif";
  } else if (fontFamily == "monospace") {
    cssClass = "monospace";
  } else {
    cssClass = "sans-serif";
  }
  // Relies on the classname order of the body being Theme class, then Font
  // Family class.
  var themeClass = document.body.className.split(" ")[0];
  document.body.className = themeClass + " " + cssClass;
}

// Maps JS theme to CSS class and then changes body class name.
// CSS classes must agree with distilledpage.css.
function useTheme(theme) {
  var cssClass;
  if (theme == "sepia") {
    cssClass = "sepia";
  } else if (theme == "dark") {
    cssClass = "dark";
  } else {
    cssClass = "light";
  }
  // Relies on the classname order of the body being Theme class, then Font
  // Family class.
  var fontFamilyClass = document.body.className.split(" ")[1];
  document.body.className = cssClass + " " + fontFamilyClass;

  updateToolbarColor();
}

function updateToolbarColor() {
  // Relies on the classname order of the body being Theme class, then Font
  // Family class.
  var themeClass = document.body.className.split(" ")[0];

  var toolbarColor;
  if (themeClass == "sepia") {
    toolbarColor = "#BF9A73";
  } else if (themeClass == "dark") {
    toolbarColor = "#1A1A1A";
  } else {
    toolbarColor = "#F5F5F5";
  }
  document.getElementById('theme-color').content = toolbarColor;
}

function useFontScaling(scaling) {
  pincher.useFontScaling(scaling);
}

/**
 * Show the distiller feedback form.
 * @param questionText The i18n text for the feedback question.
 * @param yesText The i18n text for the feedback answer 'YES'.
 * @param noText The i18n text for the feedback answer 'NO'.
 */
function showFeedbackForm(questionText, yesText, noText) {
  // If the distiller is running on iOS, do not show the feedback form. This
  // variable is set in distiller_viewer.cc before this function is run.
  if (distiller_on_ios) return;

  document.getElementById('feedbackYes').innerText = yesText;
  document.getElementById('feedbackNo').innerText = noText;
  document.getElementById('feedbackQuestion').innerText = questionText;

  document.getElementById('feedbackContainer').classList.remove("hidden");
}

// Add a listener to the "View Original" link to report opt-outs.
document.getElementById('closeReaderView').addEventListener('click',
    function(e) {
      if (distiller) {
        distiller.closePanel(true);
      }
    }, true);

document.getElementById('feedbackYes').addEventListener('click', function(e) {
  if (distiller) {
    distiller.sendFeedback(true);
  }
  document.getElementById('feedbackContainer').className += " fadeOut";
}, true);

document.getElementById('feedbackNo').addEventListener('click', function(e) {
  if (distiller) {
    distiller.sendFeedback(false);
  }
  document.getElementById('feedbackContainer').className += " fadeOut";
}, true);

document.getElementById('feedbackContainer').addEventListener('animationend',
    function(e) {
      var feedbackContainer = document.getElementById('feedbackContainer');
      feedbackContainer.classList.remove("fadeOut");
      document.getElementById('contentWrap').style.paddingBottom =
        window.getComputedStyle(feedbackContainer).height;
      feedbackContainer.className += " hidden";
      setTimeout(function() {
        // Close the gap where the feedback form was.
        var contentWrap = document.getElementById('contentWrap');
        contentWrap.style.transition = '0.5s';
        contentWrap.style.paddingBottom = '';
      }, 0);
    }, true);

document.getElementById('contentWrap').addEventListener('transitionend',
    function(e) {
      var contentWrap = document.getElementById('contentWrap');
      contentWrap.style.transition = '';
    }, true);

updateToolbarColor();

var pincher = (function() {
  'use strict';
  // When users pinch in Reader Mode, the page would zoom in or out as if it
  // is a normal web page allowing user-zoom. At the end of pinch gesture, the
  // page would do text reflow. These pinch-to-zoom and text reflow effects
  // are not native, but are emulated using CSS and JavaScript.
  //
  // In order to achieve near-native zooming and panning frame rate, fake 3D
  // transform is used so that the layer doesn't repaint for each frame.
  //
  // After the text reflow, the web content shown in the viewport should
  // roughly be the same paragraph before zooming.
  //
  // The control point of font size is the html element, so that both "em" and
  // "rem" are adjusted.
  //
  // TODO(wychen): Improve scroll position when elementFromPoint is body.

  var pinching = false;
  var fontSizeAnchor = 1.0;

  var focusElement = null;
  var focusPos = 0;
  var initClientMid;

  var clampedScale = 1;

  var lastSpan;
  var lastClientMid;

  var scale = 1;
  var shiftX;
  var shiftY;

  // The zooming speed relative to pinching speed.
  var FONT_SCALE_MULTIPLIER = 0.5;

  var MIN_SPAN_LENGTH = 20;

  // The font size is guaranteed to be in px.
  var baseSize =
      parseFloat(getComputedStyle(document.documentElement).fontSize);

  var refreshTransform = function() {
    var slowedScale = Math.exp(Math.log(scale) * FONT_SCALE_MULTIPLIER);
    clampedScale = Math.max(0.5, Math.min(2.0, fontSizeAnchor * slowedScale));

    // Use "fake" 3D transform so that the layer is not repainted.
    // With 2D transform, the frame rate would be much lower.
    document.body.style.transform =
        'translate3d(' + shiftX + 'px,' +
                         shiftY + 'px, 0px)' +
        'scale(' + clampedScale/fontSizeAnchor + ')';
  };

  function saveCenter(clientMid) {
    // Try to preserve the pinching center after text reflow.
    // This is accurate to the HTML element level.
    focusElement = document.elementFromPoint(clientMid.x, clientMid.y);
    var rect = focusElement.getBoundingClientRect();
    initClientMid = clientMid;
    focusPos = (initClientMid.y - rect.top) / (rect.bottom - rect.top);
  }

  function restoreCenter() {
    var rect = focusElement.getBoundingClientRect();
    var targetTop = focusPos * (rect.bottom - rect.top) + rect.top +
        document.body.scrollTop - (initClientMid.y + shiftY);
    document.body.scrollTop = targetTop;
  }

  function endPinch() {
    pinching = false;

    document.body.style.transformOrigin = '';
    document.body.style.transform = '';
    document.documentElement.style.fontSize = clampedScale * baseSize + "px";

    restoreCenter();

    var img = document.getElementById('fontscaling-img');
    if (!img) {
      img = document.createElement('img');
      img.id = 'fontscaling-img';
      img.style.display = 'none';
      document.body.appendChild(img);
    }
    img.src = "/savefontscaling/" + clampedScale;
  }

  function touchSpan(e) {
    var count = e.touches.length;
    var mid = touchClientMid(e);
    var sum = 0;
    for (var i = 0; i < count; i++) {
      var dx = (e.touches[i].clientX - mid.x);
      var dy = (e.touches[i].clientY - mid.y);
      sum += Math.hypot(dx, dy);
    }
    // Avoid very small span.
    return Math.max(MIN_SPAN_LENGTH, sum/count);
  }

  function touchClientMid(e) {
    var count = e.touches.length;
    var sumX = 0;
    var sumY = 0;
    for (var i = 0; i < count; i++) {
      sumX += e.touches[i].clientX;
      sumY += e.touches[i].clientY;
    }
    return {x: sumX/count, y: sumY/count};
  }

  function touchPageMid(e) {
    var clientMid = touchClientMid(e);
    return {x: clientMid.x - e.touches[0].clientX + e.touches[0].pageX,
            y: clientMid.y - e.touches[0].clientY + e.touches[0].pageY};
  }

  return {
    handleTouchStart: function(e) {
      if (e.touches.length < 2) return;
      e.preventDefault();

      var span = touchSpan(e);
      var clientMid = touchClientMid(e);

      if (e.touches.length > 2) {
        lastSpan = span;
        lastClientMid = clientMid;
        refreshTransform();
        return;
      }

      scale = 1;
      shiftX = 0;
      shiftY = 0;

      pinching = true;
      fontSizeAnchor =
          parseFloat(getComputedStyle(document.documentElement).fontSize) /
          baseSize;

      var pinchOrigin = touchPageMid(e);
      document.body.style.transformOrigin =
          pinchOrigin.x + 'px ' + pinchOrigin.y  + 'px';

      saveCenter(clientMid);

      lastSpan = span;
      lastClientMid = clientMid;

      refreshTransform();
    },

    handleTouchMove: function(e) {
      if (!pinching) return;
      if (e.touches.length < 2) return;
      e.preventDefault();

      var span = touchSpan(e);
      var clientMid = touchClientMid(e);

      scale *= touchSpan(e) / lastSpan;
      shiftX += clientMid.x - lastClientMid.x;
      shiftY += clientMid.y - lastClientMid.y;

      refreshTransform();

      lastSpan = span;
      lastClientMid = clientMid;
    },

    handleTouchEnd: function(e) {
      if (!pinching) return;
      e.preventDefault();

      var span = touchSpan(e);
      var clientMid = touchClientMid(e);

      if (e.touches.length >= 2) {
        lastSpan = span;
        lastClientMid = clientMid;
        refreshTransform();
        return;
      }

      endPinch();
    },

    handleTouchCancel: function(e) {
      if (!pinching) return;
      endPinch();
    },

    reset: function() {
      scale = 1;
      shiftX = 0;
      shiftY = 0;
      clampedScale = 1;
      document.documentElement.style.fontSize = clampedScale * baseSize + "px";
    },

    status: function() {
      return {
        scale: scale,
        clampedScale: clampedScale,
        shiftX: shiftX,
        shiftY: shiftY
      };
    },

    useFontScaling: function(scaling) {
      saveCenter({x: window.innerWidth/2, y: window.innerHeight/2});
      shiftX = 0;
      shiftY = 0;
      document.documentElement.style.fontSize = scaling * baseSize + "px";
      clampedScale = scaling;
      restoreCenter();
    }
  };
}());

window.addEventListener('touchstart', pincher.handleTouchStart, false);
window.addEventListener('touchmove', pincher.handleTouchMove, false);
window.addEventListener('touchend', pincher.handleTouchEnd, false);
window.addEventListener('touchcancel', pincher.handleTouchCancel, false);
// Copyright 2014 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
// Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
// found in the LICENSE file.

// Applies DomDistillerJs to the content of the page and returns a
// DomDistillerResults (as a javascript object/dict).
(function(options, stringify_output) {
  try {
    function initialize() {
      // This include will be processed at build time by grit.
      (function () {var $gwt_version = "2.7.0";var $wnd = window; /* our linker */var $doc = $wnd.document;var $moduleName, $moduleBase;var $stats = $wnd.__gwtStatsEvent ? function(a) {$wnd.__gwtStatsEvent(a)} : null;var $strongName = 'A4DC442DEFF80CB1947842C7D95A8422';var aa=2147483647,ba={3:1,12:1},da={3:1,14:1,12:1},ea={3:1,4:1},ha={3:1,5:1,7:1,4:1},ia={9:1,18:1,3:1,11:1,8:1},h={3:1,5:1,15:1,7:1,4:1,13:1},ja={45:1},ka={25:1},la={3:1,31:1},ma={3:1,11:1,8:1,29:1},na={3:1,5:1,4:1},_,oa,pa={};function qa(){}function sa(a){function b(){}b.prototype=a||{};return new b}function k(){}
function n(a,b,c){var d=pa[a],e=d instanceof Array?d[0]:null;d&&!e?_=d:(_=pa[a]=b?sa(pa[b]):{},_.cM=c,_.constructor=_,!b&&(_.tM=qa));for(d=3;d<arguments.length;++d)arguments[d].prototype=_;e&&(_.cZ=e)}function ta(){}function wa(a,b){return xa(a)?a===b:ya(a)?a.eQ(b):(Ea(a),a===b)}function Fa(a){return xa(a)?p:ya(a)?a.cZ:Ea(a)?a.cZ:Ga}
function Ha(a){if(xa(a)){La();var b=":"+a,c=Pa[b];if(null!=c)a=c;else{c=Qa[b];if(null==c){var d,e,f;d=0;e=a.length;f=e-4;for(c=0;c<f;)d=a.charCodeAt(c+3)+31*(a.charCodeAt(c+2)+31*(a.charCodeAt(c+1)+31*(a.charCodeAt(c)+31*d))),d=~~d,c+=4;for(;c<e;)d*=31,f=c++,f=a.charCodeAt(f),d+=f;c=~~d}256==Ra&&(Qa=Pa,Pa={},Ra=0);++Ra;a=Pa[b]=c}}else a=ya(a)?a.hC():(Ea(a),a.$H||(a.$H=++Sa));return a}n(1,null,{},ta);_.eQ=function(a){return this===a};_.gC=function(){return this.cZ};
_.hC=function(){return this.$H||(this.$H=++Sa)};_.tS=function(){var a=Ta(Fa(this))+"@",b;b=(Ha(this)>>>0).toString(16);return a+b};_.toString=function(){return this.tS()};Ua={3:1,219:1,11:1,2:1};!Array.isArray&&(Array.isArray=function(a){return"[object Array]"===Object.prototype.toString.call(a)});function bb(a){return a.toString?a.toString():"[JavaScriptObject]"}function ya(a){return!Array.isArray(a)&&a.tM===qa}function r(a,b){return null!=a&&(xa(a)&&!!Ua[b]||a.cM&&!!a.cM[b])}
function Ea(a){return Array.isArray(a)&&a.tM===qa}function xa(a){return"string"===typeof a}function s(a){return null==a?null:a}function cb(a){return~~Math.max(Math.min(a,aa),-2147483648)}var Ua;function db(a){if(null==a.n)if(a.B()){var b=a.c;b.C()?a.n="["+b.k:b.B()?a.n="["+b.w():a.n="[L"+b.w()+";";a.b=b.v()+"[]";a.j=b.A()+"[]"}else{var b=a.g,c=a.d,c=c.split("/");a.n=eb(".",[b,eb("$",c)]);a.b=eb(".",[b,eb(".",c)]);a.j=c[c.length-1]}}function Ta(a){db(a);return a.n}function fb(a){db(a);return a.j}
function gb(){this.i=hb++;this.a=this.k=this.b=this.d=this.g=this.j=this.n=null}function ib(a){var b;b=new gb;b.n="Class$"+(a?"S"+a:""+b.i);b.b=b.n;b.j=b.n;return b}function t(a){var b;b=ib(a);Ub(a,b);return b}function u(a,b){var c;c=ib(a);Ub(a,c);c.f=b?8:0;c.e=b;return c}function Xb(){var a;a=ib(null);a.f=2;return a}function v(a,b){var c=a.a=a.a||[];return c[b]||(c[b]=a.u(b))}function eb(a,b){for(var c=0;!b[c]||""==b[c];)c++;for(var d=b[c++];c<b.length;c++)b[c]&&""!=b[c]&&(d+=a+b[c]);return d}
function Ub(a,b){if(a){b.k=a;var c=b.C()?null:pa[b.k];c?c.cZ=b:pa[a]=[b]}}n(74,1,{},gb);_.u=function(a){var b;b=new gb;b.f=4;1<a?b.c=v(this,a-1):b.c=this;return b};_.v=function(){db(this);return this.b};_.w=function(){return Ta(this)};_.A=function(){return fb(this)};_.B=function(){return 0!=(this.f&4)};_.C=function(){return 0!=(this.f&1)};_.tS=function(){return(0!=(this.f&2)?"interface ":0!=(this.f&1)?"":"class ")+(db(this),this.n)};_.f=0;_.i=0;var hb=1,Yb=t(1),Ga=t(0);t(74);n(12,1,ba);_.q=function(){return this.e};
_.tS=function(){var a,b;a=Ta(this.cZ);b=this.q();return null!=b?a+": "+b:a};t(12);function Zb(a){this.e=a;$b(this,this.e)}n(14,12,da,Zb);t(14);n(19,14,da);t(19);n(100,19,da);t(100);function ac(){ac=k;bc=new ta}function cc(a){ac();this.e=null;this.a="";this.b=a;this.a=""}n(38,100,{38:1,3:1,14:1,12:1},cc);
_.q=function(){var a;null==this.c&&(a=s(this.b)===s(bc)?null:this.b,this.d=null==a?"null":null==a||xa(a)||a.tM===qa?xa(a)?"String":Ta(Fa(a)):null==a?null:a.name,this.a=this.a+": "+(null==a||xa(a)||a.tM===qa?a+"":null==a?null:a.message),this.c="("+this.d+") "+this.a);return this.c};_.r=function(){return s(this.b)===s(bc)?null:this.b};var bc;t(38);n(195,1,{});t(195);function dc(a){$wnd.setTimeout(function(){throw a;},0)}function ec(){0!=pc&&(pc=0);xc=-1}var pc=0,Sa=0,yc=0,xc=-1;
function zc(){zc=k;Ac=new Bc}function Bc(){}function Cc(a,b){var c,d,e;d=0;for(e=a.length;d<e;d++){c=a[d];try{if(c[1]){if(c[0].Ib()){var f=b;!f&&(f=[]);f[f.length]=c;b=f}}else c[0].Ib()}catch(g){if(g=Dc(g),r(g,12))c=g,dc(r(c,38)?c.r():c);else throw Ec(g);}}return b}n(144,195,{},Bc);var Ac;t(144);function Fc(){Fc=k;var a,b;b=!(Error.stackTraceLimit||"stack"in Error());a=new Gc;Hc=b?new Ic:a}function $b(a,b){Fc();Hc.s(a,b)}var Hc;n(207,1,{});t(207);function Ic(){}n(110,207,{},Ic);
_.s=function(a,b){var c={};a.fnStack=[];for(var d=arguments.callee.caller;d;){Fc();var e;if(!(e=d.name)){e=d;var f=/function(?:\s+([\w$]+))?\s*\(/.exec(d.toString());e=e.name=f&&f[1]||"anonymous"}a.fnStack.push(e);e=":"+e;if(f=c[e]){var g,l;g=0;for(l=f.length;g<l;g++)if(f[g]===d)return}(f||(c[e]=[])).push(d);d=d.caller}};t(110);function Jc(){Jc=k;Error.stackTraceLimit=64}n(208,207,{});
_.s=function(a,b){function c(a){if(!("stack"in a))try{throw a;}catch(b){}return a}var d;"string"==typeof b?d=c(Error(b)):b instanceof Object&&"stack"in b?d=b:d=c(Error());a.__gwt$backingJsError=d};t(208);function Gc(){Jc()}n(111,208,{},Gc);t(111);function Kc(a,b){if(!a)throw new Lc(""+b);}function y(a){if(!a)throw new Mc;}function z(a,b){if(0>a||a>=b)throw new Nc("Index: "+a+", Size: "+b);}function Oc(a){if(null==a)throw new Pc;}
function Qc(a,b){if(0>a||a>b)throw new Nc("Index: "+a+", Size: "+b);}function Rc(a,b){var c,d,e,f;a=""+a;c=new Sc;for(d=f=0;d<b.length;){e=a.indexOf("%s",f);if(-1==e)break;f=a.substr(f,e-f);c.a+=f;f=b[d++];c.a+=f;f=e+2}e=a.substr(f,a.length-f);c.a+=e;if(d<b.length){c.a+=" [";e=b[d++];for(c.a+=e;d<b.length;)c.a+=", ",e=b[d++],c.a+=e;c.a+="]"}return c.a}function ad(a,b){return null==a[b]?null:String(a[b])}function A(a,b){return a.getAttribute(b)||""}
function B(a){(a=a.parentNode)&&1==a.nodeType||(a=null);return a}function C(a,b){this.a=a;this.b=b}n(8,1,{3:1,11:1,8:1});_.t=function(a){return this.b-a.b};_.eQ=function(a){return this===a};_.hC=function(){return this.$H||(this.$H=++Sa)};_.tS=function(){return null!=this.a?this.a:""+this.b};_.b=0;t(8);
function dd(){dd=k;ld=new sd;td=new ud;vd=new wd;xd=new yd;zd=new Ad;Bd=new Cd;Dd=new Ed;Fd=new Gd;Hd=new Id;Jd=new Kd;Ld=new Md;Nd=new Od;Pd=new Qd;ge=new oe;xe=new ye;ze=new Ae;Be=new Ce;De=new Ee}function Fe(){dd();return D(v(Ge,1),ha,9,0,[ld,td,vd,xd,zd,Bd,Dd,Fd,Hd,Jd,Ld,Nd,Pd,ge,xe,ze,Be,De])}n(9,8,ia);var td,Be,vd,ld,Bd,ze,zd,Dd,Fd,Hd,xd,De,Jd,Ld,Nd,ge,xe,Pd,Ge=u(9,Fe);function sd(){C.call(this,"DEFAULT",0)}n(159,9,ia,sd);u(159,null);function Kd(){C.call(this,"SE_RESIZE",9)}n(168,9,ia,Kd);
u(168,null);function Md(){C.call(this,"SW_RESIZE",10)}n(169,9,ia,Md);u(169,null);function Od(){C.call(this,"S_RESIZE",11)}n(170,9,ia,Od);u(170,null);function Qd(){C.call(this,"W_RESIZE",12)}n(171,9,ia,Qd);u(171,null);function oe(){C.call(this,"TEXT",13)}n(172,9,ia,oe);u(172,null);function ye(){C.call(this,"WAIT",14)}n(173,9,ia,ye);u(173,null);function Ae(){C.call(this,"HELP",15)}n(174,9,ia,Ae);u(174,null);function Ce(){C.call(this,"COL_RESIZE",16)}n(175,9,ia,Ce);u(175,null);
function Ee(){C.call(this,"ROW_RESIZE",17)}n(176,9,ia,Ee);u(176,null);function ud(){C.call(this,"AUTO",1)}n(160,9,ia,ud);u(160,null);function wd(){C.call(this,"CROSSHAIR",2)}n(161,9,ia,wd);u(161,null);function yd(){C.call(this,"POINTER",3)}n(162,9,ia,yd);u(162,null);function Ad(){C.call(this,"MOVE",4)}n(163,9,ia,Ad);u(163,null);function Cd(){C.call(this,"E_RESIZE",5)}n(164,9,ia,Cd);u(164,null);function Ed(){C.call(this,"NE_RESIZE",6)}n(165,9,ia,Ed);u(165,null);
function Gd(){C.call(this,"NW_RESIZE",7)}n(166,9,ia,Gd);u(166,null);function Id(){C.call(this,"N_RESIZE",8)}n(167,9,ia,Id);u(167,null);function He(){He=k;var a=Fe(),b,c,d,e;b={};d=0;for(e=a.length;d<e;++d)c=a[d],b[":"+(null!=c.a?c.a:""+c.b)]=c;Ie=b}var Ie;function Je(a,b){var c;c=a.slice(0,b);D(Fa(a),a.cM,a.__elementTypeId$,a.__elementTypeCategory$,c);return c}function Ke(a,b){var c;c=Le(0,b);D(Fa(a),a.cM,a.__elementTypeId$,a.__elementTypeCategory$,c);return c}
function G(a,b,c,d,e){d=Le(e,d);D(v(a,1),b,c,e,d);return d}function Me(a){return Ne(p,[na,h],[13,2],4,a,0,2)}function Ne(a,b,c,d,e,f,g){var l,m,q,x;q=e[f];l=(m=f==g-1)?d:0;x=Le(l,q);D(v(a,g-f),b[f],c[f],l,x);if(!m)for(++f,l=0;l<q;++l)x[l]=Ne(a,b,c,d,e,f,g);return x}function D(a,b,c,d,e){e.cZ=a;e.cM=b;e.tM=qa;e.__elementTypeId$=c;e.__elementTypeCategory$=d;return e}
function Le(a,b){var c=Array(b),d;switch(a){case 6:d={l:0,m:0,h:0};break;case 7:d=0;break;case 8:d=!1;break;default:return c}for(var e=0;e<b;++e)c[e]=d;return c}function Oe(a,b,c,d,e,f){a===c&&(a=a.slice(b,b+e),b=0);var g=b;for(b+=e;g<b;){var l=Math.min(g+1E4,b);e=l-g;Array.prototype.splice.apply(c,[d,f?e:0].concat(a.slice(g,l)));g=l;d+=e}}function Ec(a){return r(a,38)&&s(a.b)!==s((ac(),bc))?s(a.b)===s(bc)?null:a.b:a}
function Dc(a){var b;if(r(a,12))return a;b=a&&a.__gwt$exception;if(!b&&(b=new cc(a),$b(b,a),a&&"object"==typeof a))try{a.__gwt$exception=b}catch(c){}return b}function Pe(){var a;a=navigator.userAgent.toLowerCase();var b=$doc.documentMode;a=-1!=a.indexOf("webkit")?"safari":-1!=a.indexOf("msie")&&10<=b&&11>b?"ie10":-1!=a.indexOf("msie")&&9<=b&&11>b?"ie9":-1!=a.indexOf("msie")&&8<=b&&11>b?"ie8":-1!=a.indexOf("gecko")||11<=b?"gecko1_8":"unknown";if("safari"!==a)throw new Qe(a);}n(58,12,ba);t(58);
n(22,58,ba);t(22);function Qe(a){this.e=""+("Possible problem with your *.gwt.xml module file.\nThe compile time user.agent value (safari) does not match the runtime user.agent value ("+a+").\nExpect more errors.");$b(this,this.e)}n(99,22,ba,Qe);t(99);n(59,1,{});_.tS=function(){return this.a};t(59);function Re(){$b(this,this.e)}function Nc(a){Zb.call(this,a)}n(30,19,da,Re,Nc);t(30);function Se(){$b(this,this.e)}n(179,30,da,Se);t(179);function Lc(a){Zb.call(this,a)}n(35,19,da,Lc);t(35);
function Te(){Te=k;Ue=new Ve(!1);We=new Ve(!0)}function Ve(a){this.a=a}n(46,1,{3:1,46:1,11:1},Ve);_.t=function(a){var b=this.a;return b==a.a?0:b?1:-1};_.eQ=function(a){return r(a,46)&&a.a==this.a};_.hC=function(){return this.a?1231:1237};_.tS=function(){return""+this.a};_.a=!1;var Ue,We;t(46);function Xe(a){this.a=a}n(36,1,{3:1,36:1,11:1},Xe);_.t=function(a){return this.a-a.a};_.eQ=function(a){return r(a,36)&&a.a==this.a};_.hC=function(){return this.a};_.tS=function(){return String.fromCharCode(this.a)};
_.a=0;var Ye=t(36);function Ze(){Ze=k;$e=G(Ye,ha,36,128,0)}var $e;n(73,1,{3:1,73:1});t(73);function af(a){Zb.call(this,a)}n(23,19,{3:1,14:1,23:1,12:1},af);t(23);function bf(){$b(this,this.e)}n(180,19,da,bf);t(180);function kf(a){this.a=a}function mf(a){var b,c;return-129<a&&128>a?(b=a+128,c=(uf(),vf)[b],!c&&(c=vf[b]=new kf(a)),c):new kf(a)}n(37,73,{3:1,11:1,37:1,73:1},kf);_.t=function(a){var b=this.a;a=a.a;return b<a?-1:b>a?1:0};_.eQ=function(a){return r(a,37)&&a.a==this.a};_.hC=function(){return this.a};
_.tS=function(){return""+this.a};_.a=0;var Mf=t(37);function uf(){uf=k;vf=G(Mf,ha,37,256,0)}var vf;function Nf(a,b){return a<b?a:b}function Pc(){$b(this,this.e)}function $f(a){Zb.call(this,a)}n(52,19,da,Pc,$f);t(52);function cg(a,b){var c;c=b.length;return a.substr(a.length-c,c)===b}function H(a,b){return null==b?!1:a==b?!0:a.length==b.length&&a.toLowerCase()==b.toLowerCase()}function dg(a){return!a.length}
function hg(a,b,c){var d;65536<=b?(d=56320+(b-65536&1023)&65535,b=String.fromCharCode(55296+(b-65536>>10&1023)&65535)+String.fromCharCode(d)):b=String.fromCharCode(b&65535);return a.lastIndexOf(b,c)}function ig(a,b,c,d,e){if(null==c)throw new Pc;if(0>b||0>d||0>=e||b+e>a.length||d+e>c.length)return!1;a=a.substr(b,e);c=c.substr(d,e);return a===c}function jg(a){var b=(160).toString(16),b="\\u"+"0000".substring(b.length)+b;return a.replace(RegExp(b,"g"),String.fromCharCode(32))}
function Ig(a,b){var c;c=Jg("");return a.replace(RegExp(b,"g"),c)}function Kg(a,b){var c;c=Jg("");return a.replace(RegExp(b),c)}
function Lg(a,b){for(var c=RegExp(b,"g"),d=[],e=0,f=a,g=null;;){var l=c.exec(f);if(null==l||""==f){d[e]=f;break}else d[e]=f.substring(0,l.index),f=f.substring(l.index+l[0].length,f.length),c.lastIndex=0,g==f&&(d[e]=f.substring(0,1),f=f.substring(1)),g=f,e++}if(0<a.length){for(c=d.length;0<c&&""==d[c-1];)--c;c<d.length&&d.splice(c,d.length-c)}c=G(p,h,2,d.length,4);for(e=0;e<d.length;++e)c[e]=d[e];return c}function Mg(a,b){return a.substr(0,b.length)===b}
function Ng(a,b){return a.substr(b,a.length-b)}function Og(a,b,c){return a.substr(b,c-b)}function Pg(a){return 0==a.length||" "<a[0]&&" "<a[a.length-1]?a:a.replace(/^[\u0000-\u0020]*|[\u0000-\u0020]*$/g,"")}function Jg(a){var b;for(b=0;0<=(b=a.indexOf("\\",b));)36==a.charCodeAt(b+1)?a=a.substr(0,b)+"$"+Ng(a,++b):a=a.substr(0,b)+Ng(a,++b);return a}var p=t(2);function La(){La=k;Qa={};Pa={}}var Qa,Ra=0,Pa;function Qg(){this.a=""}function Sc(){this.a=""}function Rg(a){this.a=a}n(39,59,{219:1},Qg,Sc,Rg);
t(39);function Sg(a){Zb.call(this,a)}n(53,19,da,Sg);t(53);function Tg(a,b){var c,d,e;Oc(b);c=!1;for(e=b.D();e.Q();)d=e.R(),c|=a.F(d);return c}function Ug(a){var b,c,d,e;e=new Rg("[");b=!1;for(d=a.D();d.Q();)c=d.R(),b?e.a+=", ":b=!0,e.a+=c===a?"(this Collection)":""+c;e.a+="]";return e.a}n(210,1,{});_.F=function(){throw new Sg("Add not supported on this collection");};_.G=function(a){return Tg(this,a)};
_.H=function(a){a:{var b,c;for(c=this.D();c.Q();)if(b=c.R(),s(a)===s(b)||null!=a&&wa(a,b)){a=!0;break a}a=!1}return a};_.I=function(){return 0==this.J()};_.K=function(){return this.L(G(Yb,ea,1,this.J(),3))};_.L=function(a){var b,c,d;d=this.J();a.length<d&&(a=Ke(a,d));c=this.D();for(b=0;b<d;++b)a[b]=c.R();a.length>d&&(a[d]=null);return a};_.tS=function(){return Ug(this)};t(210);function Vg(a,b){var c,d,e;c=b.W();e=b.X();d=a.P(c);return!(s(e)===s(d)||null!=e&&wa(e,d))||null==d&&!a.N(c)?!1:!0}
function Wg(a,b){var c,d,e;for(d=a.O().D();d.Q();)if(c=d.R(),e=c.W(),s(b)===s(e)||null!=b&&wa(b,e))return c;return null}function Xg(a,b){return b===a?"(this Map)":""+b}function Yg(a){return a?a.X():null}n(209,1,ja);_.M=function(a){return Vg(this,a)};_.N=function(a){return!!Wg(this,a)};_.eQ=function(a){var b;if(a===this)return!0;if(!r(a,45)||this.J()!=a.J())return!1;for(b=a.O().D();b.Q();)if(a=b.R(),!this.M(a))return!1;return!0};_.P=function(a){return Yg(Wg(this,a))};_.hC=function(){return Zg(this.O())};
_.J=function(){return this.O().J()};_.tS=function(){var a,b,c,d;d=new Rg("{");a=!1;for(c=this.O().D();c.Q();)b=c.R(),a?d.a+=", ":a=!0,d.a+=Xg(this,b.W()),d.a+="\x3d",d.a+=Xg(this,b.X());d.a+="}";return d.a};t(209);function $g(a,b){return xa(b)?I(a,b):!!ah(a.a,b)}function bh(a,b){return xa(b)?K(a,b):Yg(ah(a.a,b))}function K(a,b){return null==b?Yg(ah(a.a,null)):a.c.eb(b)}function I(a,b){return null==b?!!ah(a.a,null):void 0!==a.c.eb(b)}function ch(a,b,c){return xa(b)?L(a,b,c):dh(a.a,b,c)}
function L(a,b,c){return null==b?dh(a.a,null,c):a.c.hb(b,c)}function eh(a){fh();a.a=gh.bb();a.a.b=a;a.c=gh.cb();a.c.b=a;a.b=0;hh(a)}n(112,209,ja);_.N=function(a){return $g(this,a)};_.O=function(){return new ih(this)};_.P=function(a){return bh(this,a)};_.J=function(){return this.b};_.b=0;t(112);n(211,210,ka);_.eQ=function(a){if(a===this)a=!0;else if(r(a,25)&&a.J()==this.J())a:{var b;Oc(a);for(b=a.D();b.Q();)if(a=b.R(),!this.H(a)){a=!1;break a}a=!0}else a=!1;return a};_.hC=function(){return Zg(this)};
t(211);function ih(a){this.a=a}n(62,211,ka,ih);_.H=function(a){return r(a,24)?Vg(this.a,a):!1};_.D=function(){return new jh(this.a)};_.J=function(){return this.a.b};t(62);function kh(a){if(a.a.Q())return!0;if(a.a!=a.b)return!1;a.a=a.c.a._();return a.a.Q()}function lh(a){if(a._gwt_modCount!=a.c._gwt_modCount)throw new mh;return y(kh(a)),a.a.R()}function jh(a){this.c=a;this.a=this.b=this.c.c._();this._gwt_modCount=a._gwt_modCount}n(63,1,{},jh);_.Q=function(){return kh(this)};_.R=function(){return lh(this)};
t(63);n(212,210,{31:1});_.S=function(){throw new Sg("Add not supported on this list");};_.F=function(a){this.S(this.J(),a);return!0};_.eQ=function(a){var b,c,d;if(a===this)return!0;if(!r(a,31)||this.J()!=a.J())return!1;d=a.D();for(b=this.D();b.Q();)if(a=b.R(),c=d.R(),!(s(a)===s(c)||null!=a&&wa(a,c)))return!1;return!0};_.hC=function(){var a,b,c;c=1;for(b=this.D();b.Q();)a=b.R(),c=31*c+(null!=a?Ha(a):0),c=~~c;return c};_.D=function(){return new M(this)};
_.U=function(){throw new Sg("Remove not supported on this list");};t(212);function nh(a){if(-1==a.c)throw new bf;a.d.U(a.c);a.b=a.c;a.c=-1}function M(a){this.d=a}n(6,1,{},M);_.Q=function(){return this.b<this.d.J()};_.R=function(){return y(this.b<this.d.J()),this.d.T(this.c=this.b++)};_.V=function(){nh(this)};_.b=0;_.c=-1;t(6);function oh(a,b){this.d=this.a=a;Qc(b,a.b.length);this.b=b}n(42,6,{},oh);t(42);function ph(a,b){z(b,a.b);return N(a.c,a.a+b)}
function qh(a,b,c){var d=a.b.length;if(0>b)throw new Nc("fromIndex: "+b+" \x3c 0");if(c>d)throw new Nc("toIndex: "+c+" \x3e size "+d);if(b>c)throw new af("fromIndex: "+b+" \x3e toIndex: "+c);this.c=a;this.a=b;this.b=c-b}n(66,212,{31:1},qh);_.S=function(a,b){Qc(a,this.b);rh(this.c,this.a+a,b);++this.b};_.T=function(a){return ph(this,a)};_.U=function(a){z(a,this.b);a=this.c.U(this.a+a);--this.b;return a};_.J=function(){return this.b};_.a=0;_.b=0;t(66);
function sh(a){a=new jh((new ih(a.a)).a);return new th(a)}function uh(a){this.a=a}n(64,211,ka,uh);_.H=function(a){return $g(this.a,a)};_.D=function(){return sh(this)};_.J=function(){return this.a.b};t(64);function th(a){this.a=a}n(113,1,{},th);_.Q=function(){return kh(this.a)};_.R=function(){return lh(this.a).W()};t(113);function vh(a,b){var c;c=a.d;a.d=b;return c}n(47,1,{47:1,24:1});_.eQ=function(a){return r(a,24)?wh(this.c,a.W())&&wh(this.d,a.X()):!1};_.W=function(){return this.c};_.X=function(){return this.d};
_.hC=function(){return xh(this.c)^xh(this.d)};_.Y=function(a){return vh(this,a)};_.tS=function(){return this.c+"\x3d"+this.d};t(47);function yh(a,b){this.c=a;this.d=b}n(48,47,{47:1,48:1,24:1},yh);t(48);n(215,1,{24:1});_.eQ=function(a){return r(a,24)?wh(this.W(),a.W())&&wh(this.X(),a.X()):!1};_.hC=function(){return xh(this.W())^xh(this.X())};_.tS=function(){return this.W()+"\x3d"+this.X()};t(215);function zh(a,b){var c;c=Ah(a,b.W());return!!c&&wh(c.d,b.X())}n(217,209,ja);
_.M=function(a){return zh(this,a)};_.N=function(a){return!!Ah(this,a)};_.O=function(){return new Bh(this)};_.P=function(a){return Yg(Ah(this,a))};t(217);function Bh(a){this.a=a}n(96,211,ka,Bh);_.H=function(a){return r(a,24)&&zh(this.a,a)};_.D=function(){return new Ch(this.a)};_.J=function(){return this.a.c};t(96);function Dh(a){a=new Ch((new Eh(a.a)).a);return new Fh(a)}function Gh(a){this.a=a}n(190,211,ka,Gh);_.H=function(a){return!!Ah(this.a,a)};_.D=function(){return Dh(this)};_.J=function(){return this.a.c};
t(190);function Fh(a){this.a=a}n(191,1,{},Fh);_.Q=function(){return this.a.a.Q()};_.R=function(){return this.a.a.R().W()};t(191);function Hh(a,b){var c;c=Ih(a,b);try{return y(c.b!=c.d.c),c.c=c.b,c.b=c.b.a,++c.a,c.c.c}catch(d){d=Dc(d);if(r(d,54))throw new Nc("Can't get element "+b);throw Ec(d);}}n(213,212,{31:1});_.S=function(a,b){var c;c=Ih(this,a);Jh(c.d,b,c.b.b,c.b);++c.a;c.c=null};_.T=function(a){return Hh(this,a)};_.D=function(){return Ih(this,0)};
_.U=function(a){var b,c;b=Ih(this,a);try{return c=(y(b.b!=b.d.c),b.c=b.b,b.b=b.b.a,++b.a,b.c.c),Kh(b),c}catch(d){d=Dc(d);if(r(d,54))throw new Nc("Can't remove element "+a);throw Ec(d);}};t(213);function Lh(a){a.b=G(Yb,ea,1,0,3)}function rh(a,b,c){Qc(b,a.b.length);a.b.splice(b,0,c)}function P(a,b){a.b[a.b.length]=b;return!0}function Mh(a,b){var c;c=b.K();if(0==c.length)return!1;Oe(c,0,a.b,a.b.length,c.length,!1);return!0}function N(a,b){z(b,a.b.length);return a.b[b]}
function Nh(a,b){for(var c=0;c<a.b.length;++c)if(wh(b,a.b[c]))return c;return-1}function Oh(a,b){var c;c=(z(b,a.b.length),a.b[b]);a.b.splice(b,1);return c}function Ph(a,b,c){z(b,a.b.length);a.b[b]=c}function Qh(a,b){var c,d;d=a.b.length;b.length<d&&(b=Ke(b,d));for(c=0;c<d;++c)b[c]=a.b[c];b.length>d&&(b[d]=null);return b}function Q(){Lh(this)}function Rh(a){Lh(this);a=Je(a.b,a.b.length);Oe(a,0,this.b,0,a.length,!1)}n(10,212,la,Q,Rh);_.S=function(a,b){rh(this,a,b)};_.F=function(a){return P(this,a)};
_.G=function(a){return Mh(this,a)};_.H=function(a){return-1!=Nh(this,a)};_.T=function(a){return N(this,a)};_.I=function(){return 0==this.b.length};_.U=function(a){return Oh(this,a)};_.J=function(){return this.b.length};_.K=function(){return Je(this.b,this.b.length)};_.L=function(a){return Qh(this,a)};t(10);
function Sh(a,b,c,d,e,f){var g,l,m;if(7>d-c)for(a=c,g=a+1;g<d;++g)for(m=g;m>a&&0<f.Z(b[m-1],b[m]);--m)c=b[m],b[m]=b[m-1],b[m-1]=c;else if(l=c+e,g=d+e,m=l+(g-l>>1),Sh(b,a,l,m,-e,f),Sh(b,a,m,g,-e,f),0>=f.Z(a[m-1],a[m]))for(;c<d;)b[c++]=a[l++];else for(e=l,l=m;c<d;)l>=g||e<m&&0>=f.Z(a[e],a[l])?b[c++]=a[e++]:b[c++]=a[l++]}function Zg(a){var b,c;c=0;for(b=a.D();b.Q();)a=b.R(),c+=null!=a?Ha(a):0,c=~~c;return c}function Th(){Th=k;Uh=new Vh}var Uh;
function Wh(a,b){Oc(a);Oc(b);return xa(a)?a==b?0:a<b?-1:1:a.t(b)}function Vh(){}n(185,1,{},Vh);_.Z=function(a,b){return Wh(a,b)};t(185);function hh(a){a._gwt_modCount=(a._gwt_modCount|0)+1}function mh(){$b(this,this.e)}n(192,19,da,mh);t(192);function Xh(){$b(this,this.e)}n(87,19,da,Xh);t(87);function Yh(a,b){return Zh(a.a,b)?a.b[b.b]:null}function $h(a,b,c){ai(a.a,b);bi(a,b.b,c)}function bi(a,b,c){var d;d=a.b[b];a.b[b]=c;return d}
function ei(a){var b;this.a=(b=a.e&&a.e(),new ki(b,Ke(b,b.length)));this.b=G(Yb,ea,1,this.a.a.length,3)}n(184,209,ja,ei);_.N=function(a){return Zh(this.a,a)};_.O=function(){return new mi(this)};_.P=function(a){return Yh(this,a)};_.J=function(){return this.a.c};t(184);function mi(a){this.a=a}n(91,211,ka,mi);_.H=function(a){return r(a,24)?Vg(this.a,a):!1};_.D=function(){return new Ti(this.a)};_.J=function(){return this.a.a.c};t(91);function Ti(a){this.c=a;this.a=new Ui(this.c.a)}n(92,1,{},Ti);_.Q=function(){return Vi(this.a)};
_.R=function(){return this.b=Wi(this.a),new aj(this.c,this.b)};t(92);function aj(a,b){this.b=a;this.a=b}n(93,215,{24:1},aj);_.W=function(){return this.a};_.X=function(){return this.b.b[this.a.b]};_.Y=function(a){return bi(this.b,this.a.b,a)};t(93);n(218,211,ka);t(218);function ai(a,b){var c;Oc(b);c=b.b;return a.b[c]?!1:(a.b[c]=b,++a.c,!0)}function Zh(a,b){return r(b,8)&&!!b&&a.b[b.b]==b}function ki(a,b){this.a=a;this.b=b;this.c=0}n(193,218,ka,ki);_.F=function(a){return ai(this,a)};
_.H=function(a){return Zh(this,a)};_.D=function(){return new Ui(this)};_.J=function(){return this.c};_.c=0;t(193);function kj(a){var b;++a.a;for(b=a.c.a.length;a.a<b&&!a.c.b[a.a];++a.a);}function Vi(a){return a.a<a.c.a.length}function Wi(a){return y(a.a<a.c.a.length),a.b=a.a,kj(a),a.c.b[a.b]}function Ui(a){this.c=a;kj(this)}n(98,1,{},Ui);_.Q=function(){return Vi(this)};_.R=function(){return Wi(this)};_.a=-1;_.b=-1;t(98);function lj(a,b){return s(a)===s(b)||null!=a&&wa(a,b)}
function mj(){eh(this)}n(20,112,{3:1,45:1},mj);t(20);function R(a,b){return null==ch(a.a,b,a)}function S(a,b){return $g(a.a,b)}function zj(){this.a=new mj}n(17,211,{3:1,25:1},zj);_.F=function(a){return R(this,a)};_.H=function(a){return S(this,a)};_.I=function(){return 0==this.a.b};_.D=function(){return sh(new uh(this.a))};_.J=function(){return this.a.b};_.tS=function(){return Ug(new uh(this.a))};t(17);
function ah(a,b){var c,d,e,f;c=null==b?"0":""+~~Ha(b);d=a.a[c]||[];e=0;for(f=d.length;e<f;++e)if(c=d[e],lj(b,c.W()))return c;return null}function dh(a,b,c){var d,e,f,g;d=null==b?"0":""+~~Ha(b);e=a.a;d=e[d]||(e[d]=[]);f=0;for(g=d.length;f<g;++f)if(e=d[f],lj(b,e.W()))return e.Y(c);d[d.length]=new yh(b,c);a=a.b;++a.b;hh(a);return null}function Aj(){this.a=this.$()}n(88,1,{},Aj);_.$=function(){return Object.create(null)};_._=function(){return new Lj(this)};t(88);
function Mj(a){if(a.c<a.a.length)return!0;if(a.b<a.d.length-1){var b=a.d[++a.b];a.a=a.f.a[b];a.c=0;return!0}return!1}function Lj(a){this.f=a;this.d=Object.getOwnPropertyNames(this.f.a);this.a=G(Nj,ea,24,0,0)}n(143,1,{},Lj);_.Q=function(){return Mj(this)};_.R=function(){return y(Mj(this)),this.e=this.a[this.c++],this.e};_.b=-1;_.c=0;_.e=null;t(143);function Oj(){Aj.call(this)}n(141,88,{},Oj);_.$=function(){return{}};
_._=function(){var a=this.ab(),b=this.a,c;for(c in b)if(c==parseInt(c,10))for(var d=b[c],e=0,f=d.length;e<f;++e)a.F(d[e]);return a.D()};_.ab=function(){return new Pj(this)};t(141);function Pj(a){this.a=a;Lh(this)}n(142,10,la,Pj);_.U=function(a){a=Oh(this,a);a:{var b=this.a,c=a.W(),d,e,f,g;f=null==c?"0":""+~~Ha(c);d=b.a[f]||[];for(g=0;g<d.length;g++)if(e=d[g],lj(c,e.W())){1==d.length?delete b.a[f]:d.splice(g,1);b=b.b;--b.b;hh(b);break a}}return a};t(142);function Qj(){}n(138,1,{},Qj);_.bb=function(){return new Aj};
_.cb=function(){return new Rj};t(138);function fh(){fh=k;var a,b;if(b=Object.create&&Object.getOwnPropertyNames)b=Object.create(null),void 0!==b.__proto__||0!=Object.getOwnPropertyNames(b).length?b=!1:(b.__proto__=42,b=42!==b.__proto__?!1:!0);gh=b?(a=Object.create(null),a.__proto__=42,0==Object.getOwnPropertyNames(a).length)?new Sj:new Qj:new Tj}var gh;function Sj(){}n(140,138,{},Sj);_.cb=function(){return new Uj};t(140);function Tj(){}n(139,138,{},Tj);_.bb=function(){return new Oj};_.cb=function(){return new Vj};
t(139);function Wj(a,b,c){var d;d=a.a[b];if(void 0===d){var e=a.b;++e.b;hh(e)}a.a[b]=void 0===c?null:c;return d}function Xj(a,b){var c;c=a.a[b];if(void 0!==c){delete a.a[b];var d=a.b;--d.b;hh(d)}return c}function Rj(){this.a=this.db()}n(69,1,{},Rj);_.db=function(){return Object.create(null)};_._=function(){var a;a=this.fb();return new Yj(this,a)};_.eb=function(a){return this.a[a]};_.fb=function(){return Object.getOwnPropertyNames(this.a)};_.gb=function(a){return new Zj(this,a)};
_.hb=function(a,b){return Wj(this,a,b)};_.ib=function(a){return Xj(this,a)};t(69);function Yj(a,b){this.b=a;this.c=b}n(130,1,{},Yj);_.Q=function(){return this.a<this.c.length};_.R=function(){return y(this.a<this.c.length),new Zj(this.b,this.c[this.a++])};_.a=0;t(130);function Zj(a,b){this.a=a;this.b=b}n(82,215,{24:1},Zj);_.W=function(){return this.b};_.X=function(){return this.a.eb(this.b)};_.Y=function(a){return this.a.hb(this.b,a)};t(82);function Vj(){Rj.call(this)}n(127,69,{},Vj);_.db=function(){return{}};
_._=function(){var a=this.jb(),b;for(b in this.a)if(58==b.charCodeAt(0)){var c=this.gb(b.substring(1));a.F(c)}return a.D()};_.eb=function(a){return this.a[":"+a]};_.jb=function(){return new ak(this)};_.hb=function(a,b){return Wj(this,":"+a,b)};_.ib=function(a){return Xj(this,":"+a)};t(127);function ak(a){this.a=a;Lh(this)}n(129,10,la,ak);_.U=function(a){var b;return b=Oh(this,a),Xj(this.a,":"+b.W()),b};t(129);function Uj(){Rj.call(this)}n(128,69,{},Uj);
_.fb=function(){var a;a=Object.getOwnPropertyNames(this.a);void 0!==this.a.__proto__&&(a[a.length]="__proto__");return a};t(128);function bk(a,b){Jh(a,b,a.c.b,a.c);return!0}function Jh(a,b,c,d){var e;e=new ck;e.c=b;e.b=c;e.a=d;d.b=c.a=e;++a.b}function Ih(a,b){var c,d;Qc(b,a.b);if(b>=a.b>>1)for(d=a.c,c=a.b;c>b;--c)d=d.b;else for(d=a.a.a,c=0;c<b;++c)d=d.a;return new dk(a,b,d)}function ek(){this.a=new ck;this.c=new ck;this.a.a=this.c;this.c.b=this.a;this.a.b=this.c.a=null;this.b=0}n(78,213,la,ek);
_.F=function(a){return bk(this,a)};_.J=function(){return this.b};_.b=0;t(78);function Kh(a){var b;if(!a.c)throw new bf;b=a.c.a;var c=a.d,d=a.c;d.a.b=d.b;d.b.a=d.a;d.a=d.b=null;d.c=null;--c.b;a.b==a.c?a.b=b:--a.a;a.c=null}function dk(a,b,c){this.d=a;this.b=c;this.a=b}n(114,1,{},dk);_.Q=function(){return this.b!=this.d.c};_.R=function(){return y(this.b!=this.d.c),this.c=this.b,this.b=this.b.a,++this.a,this.c.c};_.V=function(){Kh(this)};_.a=0;_.c=null;t(114);function ck(){}n(65,1,{},ck);t(65);
var Nj=Xb();function Mc(){$b(this,this.e)}n(54,19,{3:1,14:1,12:1,54:1},Mc);t(54);function wh(a,b){return s(a)===s(b)||null!=a&&wa(a,b)}function xh(a){return null!=a?Ha(a):0}function fk(a,b){if(0>a||a>=b)throw new Se;}n(123,212,la);_.S=function(a,b){fk(a,this.a.b.length+1);rh(this.a,a,b)};_.F=function(a){return P(this.a,a)};_.G=function(a){return Mh(this.a,a)};_.H=function(a){return-1!=Nh(this.a,a)};_.T=function(a){return fk(a,this.a.b.length),N(this.a,a)};_.I=function(){return 0==this.a.b.length};
_.D=function(){return new M(this.a)};_.U=function(a){return fk(a,this.a.b.length),this.a.U(a)};_.J=function(){return this.a.b.length};_.K=function(){var a=this.a;return Je(a.b,a.b.length)};_.L=function(a){return Qh(this.a,a)};_.tS=function(){return Ug(this.a)};t(123);function gk(a){var b;b=a.a.b.length;if(0<b)return fk(b-1,a.a.b.length),a.a.U(b-1);throw new Xh;}function hk(){this.a=new Q}n(80,123,la,hk);t(80);
function Ah(a,b){var c,d;for(d=a.b;d;){c=Wh(b,d.c);if(0==c)return d;c=0>c?0:1;d=d.a[c]}return null}function ik(a,b,c,d,e,f,g,l){var m;if(d){(m=d.a[0])&&ik(a,b,c,m,e,f,g,l);m=d.c;var q,x;c.kb()&&(q=Wh(m,e),0>q||!f&&0==q)||c.lb()&&(x=Wh(m,g),0<x||!l&&0==x)||b.F(d);(d=d.a[1])&&ik(a,b,c,d,e,f,g,l)}}
function jk(a,b,c,d){var e,f;if(b){e=Wh(c.c,b.c);if(0==e)return d.d=vh(b,c.d),d.b=!0,b;e=0>e?0:1;b.a[e]=jk(a,b.a[e],c,d);kk(b.a[e])&&(kk(b.a[1-e])?(b.b=!0,b.a[0].b=!1,b.a[1].b=!1):kk(b.a[e].a[e])?b=lk(b,1-e):kk(b.a[e].a[1-e])&&(b=(f=1-(1-e),b.a[f]=lk(b.a[f],f),lk(b,1-e))))}else return c;return b}function kk(a){return!!a&&a.b}function lk(a,b){var c,d;c=1-b;d=a.a[c];a.a[c]=d.a[b];d.a[b]=a;a.b=!0;d.b=!1;return d}function mk(){var a=null;this.b=null;!a&&(a=(Th(),Th(),Uh));this.a=a}
n(95,217,{3:1,45:1},mk);_.O=function(){return new Eh(this)};_.J=function(){return this.c};_.c=0;t(95);function Ch(a){var b=(nk(),ok),c;c=new Q;ik(a,c,b,a.b,null,!1,null,!1);this.a=new oh(c,0)}n(72,1,{},Ch);_.Q=function(){return this.a.Q()};_.R=function(){return this.a.R()};t(72);function Eh(a){this.a=a}n(97,96,ka,Eh);t(97);function pk(a,b){yh.call(this,a,b);this.a=G(qk,ea,57,2,0);this.b=!0}n(57,48,{47:1,48:1,24:1,57:1},pk);_.b=!1;var qk=t(57);function rk(){}n(186,1,{},rk);
_.tS=function(){return"State: mv\x3d"+this.c+" value\x3d"+this.d+" done\x3d"+this.a+" found\x3d"+this.b};_.a=!1;_.b=!1;_.c=!1;t(186);function nk(){nk=k;ok=new sk("All",0);tk=new uk;vk=new wk;xk=new yk}function sk(a,b){C.call(this,a,b)}n(29,8,ma,sk);_.kb=function(){return!1};_.lb=function(){return!1};var ok,tk,vk,xk,zk=u(29,function(){nk();return D(v(zk,1),ha,29,0,[ok,tk,vk,xk])});function uk(){C.call(this,"Head",1)}n(187,29,ma,uk);_.lb=function(){return!0};u(187,null);
function wk(){C.call(this,"Range",2)}n(188,29,ma,wk);_.kb=function(){return!0};_.lb=function(){return!0};u(188,null);function yk(){C.call(this,"Tail",3)}n(189,29,ma,yk);_.kb=function(){return!0};u(189,null);function Ak(a){this.a=new mk;Tg(this,a)}n(89,211,{3:1,25:1},Ak);_.F=function(a){var b=this.a,c=(Te(),Ue);a=new pk(a,c);c=new rk;b.b=jk(b,b.b,a,c);c.b||++b.c;b.b.b=!1;return null==c.d};_.H=function(a){return!!Ah(this.a,a)};_.D=function(){return Dh(new Gh(this.a))};_.J=function(){return this.a.c};
t(89);
function Bk(a){var b;if(!(0<a.a.b)){b=Ck(a.f);!b.length||bk(a.a,b);b=a.a;var c;var d=$doc.title,e=$doc.documentElement,f;c=f="";p==p?f=c=d:e&&(d=e.getElementsByTagName("TITLE"),0<d.length&&(f=c=d[0].textContent));if(""==f)c="";else{T();if(/ [\|\-] /i.test(f))f=c.replace(RegExp("(.*)[\\|\\-] .*","gi"),"$1"),3>Dk.Bb(f)&&(f=c.replace(RegExp("[^\\|\\-]*[\\|\\-](.*)","gi"),"$1"));else if(-1!=f.indexOf(": "))f=c.replace(RegExp(".*:(.*)","gi"),"$1"),3>Dk.Bb(f)&&(f=c.replace(RegExp("[^:]*[:](.*)","gi"),"$1"));
else if(e&&(150<f.length||15>f.length)){f=e.getElementsByTagName("H1");e="";for(d=0;d<f.length&&!e.length;d++)e=f[d].innerText;f=e;!f.length&&(f=c)}f=Ek(f);4>=Dk.Bb(f)&&(f=c);c=f}bk(b,c);p==p&&bk(a.a,$doc.title)}}function Fk(a){var b,c;this.b=a;this.a=new ek;this.e=(b={},b[6]=[],b);this.d=(c={},c);this.c=new Q;b=U();this.f=new Gk(a,this.e);a=U()-b;if(void 0==a)throw new TypeError;this.e[1]=a;this.g=""}n(101,1,{},Fk);t(101);function Hk(){}n(102,1,{},Hk);t(102);
function Ik(a){var b,c,d,e,f,g,l,m,q,x,O,jb,za,ci,Zm,di,fa,cf,df,$m,an;x=U();var bn=$doc.documentElement.textContent,cn,dn;T();Dk=(cn=RegExp("[\\u3040-\\uA4CF]","g"),dn=RegExp("[\\uAC00-\\uD7AF]","g"),cn.test(bn)?new Jk:dn.test(bn)?new Kk:new Lk);m=(ci={},ci[10]=[],ci);c=new Fk($doc.documentElement);var gn=(Bk(c),Hh(c.a,0));if(void 0==gn)throw new TypeError;m[1]=gn;var fi;if(void 0!=a[2]){if(void 0===a[2])throw new TypeError;fi=a[2]}else fi=0;Mk=fi;V("DomDistiller debug level: "+Mk);b=(Zm={},Zm);
var gi;if(gi=void 0!=a[1]){if(void 0===a[1])throw new TypeError;gi=a[1]}var hn=gi,fc,Rd,hi,Sd,Tc,jn,kb,ii,Td,kn,ef;Tc=U();ii=new Hk;Td=new Nk;kn=new Ok(Td);var ji;var nn=c.b,Uc;Uc=nn.getElementsByTagName("ARTICLE");if(1==Uc.length)ji=Uc[0];else{Uc=nn.querySelectorAll('[itemscope][itemtype*\x3d"Article"],[itemscope][itemtype*\x3d"Post"]');var ff;if(0<Uc.length){var gf=Uc,hf,jf;if(0==gf.length)ff=null;else{jf=gf[0];for(hf=1;hf<gf.length;hf++)jf=Pk(jf,gf[hf]);ff=jf}}else ff=null;ji=ff}fc=(ef=ji,!ef&&
(ef=c.b),Qk(new Rk(kn),ef),ii.a=(Sk(Td,Td.d),Td.b),Bk(c),ii);var pn=U()-Tc;if(void 0==pn)throw new TypeError;c.e[2]=pn;Tc=U();var Aa=fc.a,E;var Ud,lf,ra,li,Vc;Vc=new Q;b:{var Vd;for(Vd=0;Vd<Aa.a.b.length;Vd++)if(r(N(Aa.a,Vd),34)){ra=Vd;break b}ra=Aa.a.b.length}if(ra!=Aa.a.b.length){li=lf=N(Aa.a,ra).d;Ud=new Tk(Aa.a,ra);for(++ra;ra<Aa.a.b.length;ra++)r(N(Aa.a,ra),34)&&(lf=N(Aa.a,ra).d,lf==li?Uk(Ud,new Tk(Aa.a,ra)):(Vc.b[Vc.b.length]=Ud,li=lf,Ud=new Tk(Aa.a,ra)));Vc.b[Vc.b.length]=Ud}E=new Vk(Vc);var Nq=
c.a,J;Wk(E,!0,"Start");var Oq=(Xk(),E),ni,lb;for(lb=new M(Oq.a);lb.b<lb.d.J();){ni=(y(lb.b<lb.d.J()),lb.d.T(lb.c=lb.b++));var oi;var pi=ni,nf=void 0;14<pi.d?oi=!1:(nf=Ek(pi.g),oi=8<=nf.length?Yk.test(nf):1==pi.c?"Comment"===nf:!1);oi&&R(ni.b,"STRICTLY_NOT_CONTENT")}var qi=new Zk(Nq),of,mb,Ba;if(qi.a)for(mb=new M(E.a);mb.b<mb.d.J();)of=(y(mb.b<mb.d.J()),mb.d.T(mb.c=mb.b++)),Ba=of.g,Ba=jg(Ba),Ba=Ig(Ba,"'"),Ba=Pg(Ba).toLowerCase(),S(qi.a,Ba)&&R(of.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE"),Ba=Pg(Ba.replace($k,"")),
S(qi.a,Ba)&&R(of.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE");var Wd,pf,Ca,Xd,Yd,Ia,Va;Ia=E.a;if(0==Ia.b.length)J=!1;else{pf=!1;for(Ca=0;Ca<Ia.b.length;Ca++)Yd=0==Ca?null:(z(Ca-1,Ia.b.length),Ia.b[Ca-1]),Wd=(z(Ca,Ia.b.length),Ia.b[Ca]),Xd=Ca+1==Ia.b.length?null:(z(Ca+1,Ia.b.length),Ia.b[Ca+1]),pf|=(0.333333>=Wd.c?!Yd||0.555556>=Yd.c?16>=Wd.d?!Xd||15>=Xd.d?!Yd||4>=Yd.d?Va=!1:Va=!0:Va=!0:Va=!0:40>=Wd.d?!Xd||17>=Xd.d?Va=!1:Va=!0:Va=!0:Va=!1,al(Wd,Va));J=pf}Wk(E,J,"Classification Complete");var Pq=(bl(),cl),ri,xn,si,
qf,yn,rf,nb;ri=!1;nb=new M(E.a);a:for(;nb.b<nb.d.J();)if(rf=(y(nb.b<nb.d.J()),nb.d.T(nb.c=nb.b++)),rf.a)for(si=Pq.a,qf=0,yn=si.length;qf<yn;++qf)if(xn=si[qf],S(rf.b,xn)){al(rf,!1);ri=!0;continue a}J=ri;Wk(E,J,"Ignore Strictly Not Content blocks");var ti=dl();ti.e=0.5;ti.d=10;J=el(fl(ti),E);Wk(E,J,"SimilarSiblingContentExpansion: Cross headings");var sf=dl();sf.c=!0;sf.e=0;sf.d=10;J=el(fl(sf),E);Wk(E,J,"SimilarSiblingContentExpansion: Mixed tags");var tf,ob,Cn,Zd,Da,ui;ui=E.a;if(2>ui.b.length)J=!1;
else{tf=!1;Zd=new oh(ui,0);for(ob=Zd.R();Zd.Q();)if(Da=ob,ob=Zd.R(),S(Da.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/HEADING")&&!(S(Da.b,"STRICTLY_NOT_CONTENT")||S(ob.b,"STRICTLY_NOT_CONTENT")||S(Da.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")||S(ob.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")))if(ob.a){tf=!0;Cn=Da.a;Uk(Da,ob);ob=Da;Zd.V();var Dn=Da;S(Dn.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/HEADING")&&Dn.b.a.c.ib("de.l3s.boilerpipe/HEADING");Cn||R(Da.b,"BOILERPLATE_HEADING_FUSED")}else Da.a&&(tf=!0,al(Da,!1));J=tf}Wk(E,J,"HeadingFusion");J=gl((hl(),il),E);Wk(E,J,"BlockProximityFusion: Distance 1");
var Qq=(jl(),kl),vi,Wa,wi,Jn;Jn=E.a;vi=!1;for(Wa=new M(Jn);Wa.b<Wa.d.J();)wi=(y(Wa.b<Wa.d.J()),Wa.d.T(Wa.c=Wa.b++)),wi.a||null!=Qq.a&&S(wi.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")||(nh(Wa),vi=!0);J=vi;Wk(E,J,"BlockFilter");J=gl(ll,E);Wk(E,J,"BlockProximityFusion: Same level content-only");var Rq=(ml(),nl),xi,pb,$d,yi,zi,Ja,qb,rb,Wc;Wc=E.a;if(2>Wc.b.length)J=!1;else{yi=-1;pb=null;xi=0;$d=-1;for(rb=new M(Wc);rb.b<rb.d.J();)Ja=(y(rb.b<rb.d.J()),rb.d.T(rb.c=rb.b++)),Ja.a&&(zi=Ja.d,zi>yi&&(pb=Ja,yi=zi,$d=xi)),++xi;
for(qb=new M(Wc);qb.b<qb.d.J();)Ja=(y(qb.b<qb.d.J()),qb.d.T(qb.c=qb.b++)),Ja==pb?(al(Ja,!0),R(Ja.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/VERY_LIKELY_CONTENT")):(al(Ja,!1),R(Ja.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/MIGHT_BE_CONTENT"));if(Rq.a&&-1!=$d){var Sq=$d,sb,Nn,Ai,Bi;Bi=B(ol(N(pb.j,N(pb.i,pb.i.b.length-1).a)));for(Ai=new oh(Wc,Sq+1);Ai.Q();)sb=Ai.R(),Nn=B(pl(N(sb.j,N(sb.i,0).a))),B(Bi)==B(Nn)&&(al(sb,!0),R(sb.b,"SIBLING_OF_MAIN_CONTENT"),Bi=B(ol(N(sb.j,N(sb.i,sb.i.b.length-1).a))));var Tq=$d,tb,On,Ci,Xc;Ci=B(pl(N(pb.j,N(pb.i,0).a)));
for(Xc=new oh(Wc,Tq);0<Xc.b;)tb=(y(0<Xc.b),N(Xc.a,Xc.c=--Xc.b)),On=B(ol(N(tb.j,N(tb.i,tb.i.b.length-1).a))),B(Ci)==B(On)&&(al(tb,!0),R(tb.b,"SIBLING_OF_MAIN_CONTENT"),Ci=B(pl(N(tb.j,N(tb.i,0).a))))}J=!0}Wk(E,J,"Keep Largest Block");var wf,gc,xf,Yc,ub,vb,ae;xf=0;gc=ae=-1;for(vb=new M(E.a);vb.b<vb.d.J();)Yc=(y(vb.b<vb.d.J()),vb.d.T(vb.c=vb.b++)),-1==gc&&S(Yc.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")&&(ae=xf,gc=-1),-1==gc&&Yc.a&&(gc=xf),++xf;if(gc<=ae||-1==ae)J=!1;else{wf=!1;for(ub=new M(new qh(E.a,ae,gc));ub.b<
ub.d.J();)Yc=(y(ub.b<ub.d.J()),ub.d.T(ub.c=ub.b++)),S(Yc.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/MIGHT_BE_CONTENT")&&(wf|=al(Yc,!0));J=wf}Wk(E,J,"Expand Title to Content");var Di,yf,Xa,wb,xb;Di=!1;yf=-1;for(xb=new M(E.a);xb.b<xb.d.J();)if(Xa=(y(xb.b<xb.d.J()),xb.d.T(xb.c=xb.b++)),Xa.a&&S(Xa.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/VERY_LIKELY_CONTENT")){yf=Xa.f;break}if(-1==yf)J=!1;else{for(wb=new M(E.a);wb.b<wb.d.J();)Xa=(y(wb.b<wb.d.J()),wb.d.T(wb.c=wb.b++)),!Xa.a&&100<=Xa.d&&Xa.f==yf&&(al(Xa,!0),Di=!0);J=Di}Wk(E,J,"Largest Block Same Tag Level -\x3e Content");
var Ei,zf,Ya,yb;Ei=!1;zf=aa;for(yb=new M(E.a);yb.b<yb.d.J();)Ya=(y(yb.b<yb.d.J()),yb.d.T(yb.c=yb.b++)),Ya.a&&S(Ya.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/VERY_LIKELY_CONTENT")?zf=Ya.f:Ya.f>zf&&S(Ya.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/MIGHT_BE_CONTENT")&&S(Ya.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/LI")&&0==Ya.c?(al(Ya,!0),Ei=!0):zf=aa;J=Ei;Wk(E,J,"List at end filter");var Uq=c.d,Fi,Af,Gi,zb;Af=0;for(zb=new M(E.a);zb.b<zb.d.J();)Gi=(y(zb.b<zb.d.J()),zb.d.T(zb.c=zb.b++)),Gi.a&&(Af+=Gi.d);Fi=Af;if(void 0==Fi)throw new TypeError;Uq[1]=Fi;var Vq,Ab;for(Ab=
new M(E.a);Ab.b<Ab.d.J();){var Bf=Vq=(y(Ab.b<Ab.d.J()),Ab.d.T(Ab.c=Ab.b++)),Pn=void 0,Bb=void 0,Hi=void 0;if(Bf.a)for(Bb=new M(Bf.i);Bb.b<Bb.d.J();)Pn=(y(Bb.b<Bb.d.J()),Bb.d.T(Bb.c=Bb.b++)),Hi=N(Bf.j,Pn.a),Hi.p=!0,S(Bf.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")&&R(Hi.e,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")}var Cf,Cb,Df;Df=!1;for(Cb=new M(fc.a.a);Cb.b<Cb.d.J();)Cf=(y(Cb.b<Cb.d.J()),Cb.d.T(Cb.c=Cb.b++)),Cf.p?Df=!0:r(Cf,34)?Df=!1:Df&&(Cf.p=!0);var Wq=fc.a,Ef,hc,Db,Zc;Ef=new Q;Zc=null;for(Db=new M(Wq.a);Db.b<Db.d.J();)if(hc=
(y(Db.b<Db.d.J()),Db.d.T(Db.c=Db.b++)),r(hc,49))if(hc.p)break;else P(Ef,hc);else!Zc&&r(hc,34)&&hc.p&&(Zc=hc);var be,Ii,Ji,ce,Qn,Ff,Eb,$c;if(0!=Ef.b.length){Ji=null;Zc&&(Ji=N(Zc.a,Zc.c));Qn=($c=new Q,P($c,new ql),P($c,new rl),P($c,new sl(Ji)),P($c,new tl),$c);be=null;Ii=0;for(Eb=new M(Ef);Eb.b<Eb.d.J();){Ff=(y(Eb.b<Eb.d.J()),Eb.d.T(Eb.c=Eb.b++));var Gf=void 0,Vn=void 0,Fb=void 0,de=void 0;if(Ff){de=0;Gf=Ff.b;for(Fb=new M(Qn);Fb.b<Fb.d.J();)Vn=(y(Fb.b<Fb.d.J()),Fb.d.T(Fb.c=Fb.b++)),de+=Vn.Gb(Gf);2>
Mk||(Gf?V("FINAL SCORE: "+de+" : "+A(Gf,"src")):V("Null image attempting to be scored!"));ce=de}else ce=0;26<=ce&&(!be||Ii<ce)&&(be=Ff,Ii=ce)}be&&(be.p=!0)}var Xq=fc.a,Hf,Gb,Ka,ee,Ki,Li,Wn,fe;Ka=!1;Ki=-1;ee=new hk;for(Gb=new M(Xq.a);Gb.b<Gb.d.J();)Hf=(y(Gb.b<Gb.d.J()),Gb.d.T(Gb.c=Gb.b++)),r(Hf,50)?(fe=Hf,fe.b==(ul(),vl)?(fe.p=Ka,P(ee.a,fe),Ka=!1):(Li=gk(ee),(Ka|=Ki>=ee.a.b.length)&&(Ki=ee.a.b.length-1),Wn=Li.p,Li.p=Ka,fe.p=Ka,Ka=Wn)):Ka||(Ka=Hf.p);var Yq=fc.a,If,Hb,Mi;Mi=new Q;for(Hb=new M(Yq.a);Hb.b<
Hb.d.J();)If=(y(Hb.b<Hb.d.J()),Hb.d.T(Hb.c=Hb.b++)),r(If,49)&&If.p&&P(Mi,If);for(kb=new M(Mi);kb.b<kb.d.J();)jn=(y(kb.b<kb.d.J()),kb.d.T(kb.c=kb.b++)),P(c.c,jn.c);var Xn=U()-Tc;if(void 0==Xn)throw new TypeError;c.e[3]=Xn;Tc=U();var Ni,Ib,bd;bd=new Qg;for(Ib=new M(fc.a.a);Ib.b<Ib.d.J();)if(Ni=(y(Ib.b<Ib.d.J()),Ib.d.T(Ib.c=Ib.b++)),Ni.p){var Zq=Ni.Eb(hn);bd.a+=Zq;hn&&(bd.a+="\n")}hi=bd.a;var Yn=U()-Tc;if(void 0==Yn)throw new TypeError;c.e[4]=Yn;if(4<=Mk){for(Sd=0;Sd<c.e[6].length;Sd++){var Zn=c.e;if(Sd>=
Zn[6].length)throw new RangeError;Rd=Zn[6][Sd];if(void 0===Rd[1])throw new TypeError;var $q="Timing: "+Rd[1]+" \x3d ";if(void 0===Rd[2])throw new TypeError;V($q+Rd[2])}var $n=c.e;if(void 0===$n[1])throw new TypeError;var ar="Timing: MarkupParsingTime \x3d "+$n[1]+"\nTiming: DocumentConstructionTime \x3d ",ao=c.e;if(void 0===ao[2])throw new TypeError;var br=ar+ao[2]+"\nTiming: ArticleProcessingTime \x3d ",bo=c.e;if(void 0===bo[3])throw new TypeError;var cr=br+bo[3]+"\nTiming: FormattingTime \x3d ",
co=c.e;if(void 0===co[4])throw new TypeError;V(cr+co[4])}if(void 0==hi)throw new TypeError;b[1]=hi;if(void 0==b)throw new TypeError;m[2]=b;var eo=((null==c.g||!c.g.length)&&(c.g="auto"),c.g);if(void 0==eo)throw new TypeError;m[9]=eo;for(za=new M(c.c);za.b<za.d.J();){jb=(y(za.b<za.d.J()),za.d.T(za.c=za.b++));var dr=(di={},m[10].push(di),di);if(void 0==jb)throw new TypeError;dr[1]=jb}var Oi;if(void 0!=a[3]){if(void 0===a[3])throw new TypeError;Oi=a[3]}else Oi=$doc.URL;g=Oi;O=c.e;q=U();var Pi;if(void 0!=
a[4]){if(void 0===a[4])throw new TypeError;Pi=a[4]}else Pi="next";if("pagenum"===Pi){wl();fa=new xl(O);var Qi;var ho=$doc.documentElement,Ri,Si,cd,Jf,Kf,io,Lf;Lf=U();fa.b=g.replace(yl,"");fa.d=zl(fa.b);if(fa.d){Si=Al(Bl(ho,g));Ri=ho.getElementsByTagName("A");for(cd=0;cd<Ri.length;)Kf=Ri[cd],(io=Cl(fa,Kf,Si))?(Dl(fa.a),El(fa,Kf,!1,!0,null),Fl(fa.a,io.a),fa.c=0,El(fa,Kf,!1,!1,Si),cd+=1+fa.c):++cd;var he=fa.a;0!=he.a.b.length&&0==N(he.a,he.a.b.length-1).b.b.length&&he.a.U(he.a.b.length-1);Gl(Lf,fa.e,
"PageParameterParser");Lf=U();var er=fa.a,lo=fa.b,ed,ic,Of,Jb,Pf,Qf;if(Pf=zl(lo)){Pf.d.username="";Pf.d.password="";ic=new Hl;for(Jb=new M(er.a);Jb.b<Jb.d.J();)if(Of=(y(Jb.b<Jb.d.J()),Jb.d.T(Jb.c=Jb.b++)),!(2>Of.b.b.length)){for(var ua=Of.b,fr=0>Of.a,Xi=Pf,gr=ic.a?ic.a.d:"",fd=void 0,mo=void 0,Kb=void 0,fd=0,Kb=new M(ua);Kb.b<Kb.d.J();)mo=(y(Kb.b<Kb.d.J()),Kb.d.T(Kb.c=Kb.b++)),!mo.b.length||++fd;if(0==fd)Qf=null;else{if(fr)for(var jc=ua,gd=void 0,hd=void 0,no=void 0,hd=0,gd=jc.b.length-1;hd<gd;++hd,
--gd)no=(z(hd,jc.b.length),jc.b[hd]),Ph(jc,hd,(z(gd,jc.b.length),jc.b[gd])),Ph(jc,gd,no);2==ua.b.length&&1==fd&&1==(z(0,ua.b.length),ua.b[0]).a&&2==(z(1,ua.b.length),ua.b[1]).a&&(dg((z(0,ua.b.length),ua.b[0]).b)?Ph(ua,0,new Il(1,bb(Xi.d))):Ph(ua,1,new Il(2,bb(Xi.d))),++fd);var Rf;if(2<=fd){for(var Ma=ua,oo=Xi,hr=gr,kc=void 0,Yi=void 0,id=void 0,Sf=void 0,Zi=void 0,Lb=void 0,lc=void 0,jd=void 0,Mb=void 0,ie=void 0,Na=void 0,Tf=void 0,po=void 0,Uf=void 0,je=void 0,qo=void 0,Nb=void 0,ke=void 0,ke=0,
Nb=new M(Ma);Nb.b<Nb.d.J();)qo=(y(Nb.b<Nb.d.J()),Nb.d.T(Nb.c=Nb.b++)),qo.a==ke+1&&++ke;if(28<=ke&&31>=ke)Rf=null;else{Zi="";ie=new Jl;Tf=G(Kl,ea,67,Ma.b.length,0);for(lc=0;lc<Ma.b.length;lc++)if(Mb=(z(lc,Ma.b.length),Ma.b[lc]),Mb.b.length&&(je=zl(Mb.b),Tf[lc]=je)){je.d.username="";je.d.password="";var so=je,jr=Mb.a,kr=lc,lr=ie,le=void 0,$i=void 0,me=void 0,Vf=void 0,mc=so,Wf=void 0,kd=void 0,Xf=void 0,Yf=void 0;if(null==mc.b)if(Yf=mc.d.search,Yf.length)for(Wf=(T(),Lg(Yf.substr(1,Yf.length-1),"\\\x26")),
mc.b=Me([Wf.length,2]),kd=0;kd<Wf.length;kd++)Xf=Lg(Wf[kd],"\x3d"),mc.b[kd][0]=Xf[0],mc.b[kd][1]=1<Xf.length?Xf[1]:"";else mc.b=Me([0,2]);Vf=mc.b;if(0!=Vf.length)for(le=0;le<Vf.length;le++){$i=Vf[le];try{me=new Ll(so,0==le,$i[0],$i[1])}catch(Zf){if(Zf=Dc(Zf),r(Zf,23))me=null;else throw Ec(Zf);}me&&Ml(lr,me,new Nl(jr,me.a,kr))}1==Mb.a&&(Zi=Mb.b)}if(0==ie.a.b)for(Lb=0;Lb<Ma.b.length;Lb++)if(Mb=(z(Lb,Ma.b.length),Ma.b[Lb]),Tf[Lb]){var nc=Tf[Lb],mr=Mb.a,nr=Lb,or=ie,bj=void 0,cj=void 0,vo=void 0,dj=void 0,
ej=void 0,ne=void 0,wo=void 0,dj=(null==nc.c&&(nc.c=Ol(nc.d)),nc.c);if(dj.length&&Pl(dj))for(wo=bb(nc.d),ej=nc.d.origin.length,!Ql&&(Ql=RegExp("(\\d+)","gi")),Ql.lastIndex=ej;;){bj=Ql.exec(wo);if(!bj)break;cj=Ql.lastIndex;vo=cj-bj[1].length;try{ne=new Rl(nc,ej,vo,cj)}catch(ag){if(ag=Dc(ag),r(ag,23))ne=null;else throw Ec(ag);}ne&&Ml(or,ne,new Nl(mr,ne.a,nr))}}Uf=new Hl;for(id=new jh((new ih(ie.a)).a);kh(id);){if(id._gwt_modCount!=id.c._gwt_modCount)throw new mh;Yi=(y(kh(id)),id.a.R());po=Yi.W();jd=
Yi.X();if(!(po===hr||100<jd.a.b.length)&&jd.b.Ab(oo)){e:{var fj=jd.b,oc=jd.a,Ob=Ma,gj=Zi,Za=void 0,hj=void 0,pe=void 0,zo=void 0,ij=void 0,Pb=void 0,Oa=void 0,Ao=void 0,qe=void 0,jj=void 0;if(2<=oc.b.length)if(qe=Sl(oc,Ob),qe.a&&qe.b&&Tl(Ob,qe)){zo=Ul(oc);Za=new Q;for(Pb=new M(oc);Pb.b<Pb.d.J();)ij=(y(Pb.b<Pb.d.J()),Pb.d.T(Pb.c=Pb.b++)),P(Za,new Il(ij.a,N(Ob,ij.c).b));Na=new Vl((Wl(),Xl),fj.tS(),Za,zo,qe.c)}else Na=null;else{if(1==oc.b.length&&gj.length&&(Oa=(z(0,oc.b.length),oc.b[0]),Ao=2==Oa.a&&
1==Oa.c,jj=3==Oa.a&&2==Oa.c&&2==(z(1,Ob.b.length),Ob.b[1]).a,1==(z(0,Ob.b.length),Ob.b[0]).a&&(Ao||jj)&&fj.zb(gj))){pe=Oa.b-Oa.a;0==pe||1==pe?hj=1:(hj=Oa.b,pe=0);Za=new Q;P(Za,new Il(1,gj));P(Za,new Il(Oa.a,N(Ob,Oa.c).b));Na=new Vl((Wl(),Xl),fj.tS(),Za,new Yl(hj,pe),jj?(z(1,Za.b.length),Za.b[1]).b:"");break e}Na=null}}if(Na){var kc=(!Zl&&(Zl=/\/$/),oo.d.href.replace(Zl,"")),re;e:{var md=Na,nj=kc,sr=Ma,nd=void 0,bg=void 0,Qb=void 0;if(2>md.a.b.length||1==N(md.a,0).a||nj.length>=N(md.a,0).b.length)re=
!1;else{for(nd=0;nd<md.a.b.length;nd++){var oj;(oj=N(md.a,nd).a!=nd+2)||(oj=N(md.a,nd).b===nj);if(oj){re=!1;break e}}for(Qb=new M(sr);Qb.b<Qb.d.J();)if(bg=(y(Qb.b<Qb.d.J()),Qb.d.T(Qb.c=Qb.b++)),1==bg.a&&bg.b.length&&bg.b!==nj){re=!1;break e}re=!0}}re?rh(Na.a,0,new Il(1,kc)):jd.b.zb(kc)&&(Sf=N(Na.a,0),2==Sf.a&&Sf.b!==kc&&kc.length<Sf.b.length&&rh(Na.a,0,new Il(1,kc)));$l(Uf,new am(Na))}}}Rf=Uf.a?Uf:null}}else Rf=null;Qf=Rf}Qf&&$l(ic,Qf)}if(ic.a){ic.b&&3<=Mk&&V("Detected multiple page patterns");ed=
ic.a;var pj,qj,Rb;if(!ed.c.length&&0!=ed.a.b.length)for(pj=!1,Rb=new M(ed.a);Rb.b<Rb.d.J();){qj=(y(Rb.b<Rb.d.J()),Rb.d.T(Rb.c=Rb.b++));if(pj){ed.c=qj.b;break}qj.b===lo&&(pj=!0)}Jf=ed}else Jf=new bm}else Jf=new bm;Gl(Lf,fa.e,"PageParameterDetector");Qi=Jf}else Qi=new bm;l=Qi;e={};f=l.c;if(f.length){if(void 0==f)throw new TypeError;e[1]=f}if(void 0==e)throw new TypeError;m[3]=e;3<=Mk&&V("paging by pagenum: "+cm(l))}else{3<=Mk&&V("paging by next");dm();cf={};var Eo=$doc.documentElement,qc,rj,sj,tj,uj,
$a,vj,se,F,Sb,ga,wj,w,Tb,od,eg,te,xj,pd,qd,rd,fg,gg,Fo,ab,yj,Go,Ho;3<=Mk&&eh(em);$a=(T(),g.replace(RegExp("\\/[^/]*$","gi"),""));Go=g.replace(RegExp("\\/$","gi"),"");qc=Eo.getElementsByTagName("A");gg=new zj;sj=new zj;tj=Al(Bl(Eo,g));var tr=Lg(g,":\\/\\/")[0]+"://",Io,ue=g,ue=(T(),Lg(ue,":\\/\\/"))[1];Io=-1==ue.indexOf("/")?ue:Lg(ue,"\\/")[0];rj=tr+Io+"/";var ur="^"+rj.replace(/[\-\[\]{}()*+?.,\\\^$|#\s]/g,"\\$\x26")+".*\\d";Fo=RegExp(ur,"i");for(se=0;se<qc.length;se++)if(F=qc[se],Ho=A(F,"href"),
tj.setAttribute("href",Ho),ga=tj.href,Fo.test(ga))if(yj=(F.offsetWidth||0)|0,vj=(F.offsetHeight||0)|0,0==yj||0==vj)W(F,"ignored: sz\x3d"+yj+"x"+vj);else if(fm(F))if(ga=ga.replace(gm,""),W(F,"-\x3e "+ga),H(ga,Go)||H(ga,$a))W(F,"ignored: same as current or folder url "+$a);else if(Tb=F.innerText,25<Tb.length)W(F,"ignored: link text too long");else if(hm.test(Tb))W(F,"ignored: one of extra"),R(sj,ga);else if(wj=ga,ga.substr(0,$a.length)===$a&&(wj=Ng(ga,$a.length)),im.test(wj)){w=new jm(se,Tb,ga);R(gg,
w);0!=ga.indexOf($a)&&(w.d-=25,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": not part of folder url "+$a));Sb=Tb+" "+(F.className||"")+" "+F.id;W(F,"txt+class+id\x3d"+Sb);km.test(Sb)&&(w.d+=50,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": has next"));lm.test(Sb)&&(w.d+=25,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": has pag* word"));mm.test(Sb)&&!km.test(w.c)&&(w.d-=65,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": has first|last but no next regex"));if(nm.test(Sb)||hm.test(Sb))w.d-=50,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": has neg or extra regex");om.test(Sb)&&(w.d-=200,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": has opp of next regex"));
eg=fg=!1;for(qd=B(F);qd&&(!fg||!eg);)rd=(qd.className||"")+" "+qd.id,!fg&&lm.test(rd)&&(w.d+=25,fg=!0,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": posParent - "+rd)),eg||!nm.test(rd)||pm.test(rd)||(w.d-=25,eg=!0,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": negParent - "+rd)),qd=B(qd);if(qm.test(ga)||lm.test(ga))w.d+=25,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": has paging info");hm.test(ga)&&(w.d-=15,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": has extra regex"));10<Tb.length&&(w.d-=Tb.length,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": text too long"));od=rm(Tb);0<od&&(1==od?w.d-=10:w.d+=0>10-od?0:10-
od,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": linktxt is a num ("+od+")"));for(var rc=g,sc=ga,Qo=F,tc=void 0,kg=void 0,lg=void 0,tc=rj.length;tc<Nf(rc.length,sc.length)&&rc.charCodeAt(tc)==sc.charCodeAt(tc);tc++);rc=Og(rc,tc,rc.length);sc=Og(sc,tc,sc.length);W(Qo,"remains: "+rc+", "+sc);kg=rm(sc);lg=rm(rc);W(Qo,"remains: "+lg+", "+kg);(uj=0<lg&&0<kg?mf(kg-lg):null)&&1==uj.a&&(w.d+=25,W(F,"score\x3d"+w.d+": diff \x3d "+uj))}else W(F,"ignored: no number beyond folder url "+$a);else W(F,"ignored: invisible");else W(F,"ignored: not prefix + num");
ab=null;if(0!=gg.a.b)for(xj=sh(new uh(gg.a));kh(xj.a);)te=lh(xj.a).W(),S(sj,te.a)||50<=te.d&&(!ab||ab.d<te.d)&&(ab=te);pd=null;if(ab){var vr=ab.a;T();pd=vr.replace(RegExp("\\/$","gi"),"");W(qc[ab.b],"found: score\x3d"+ab.d+", txt\x3d["+ab.c+"], "+pd)}if(3<=Mk){var ve,mg,Vb,we,ng;V("numLinks\x3d"+qc.length+", found next: "+(null!=pd?pd:"null"));for(ve=0;ve<qc.length;ve++){mg=qc[ve];Vb=mg.innerText;ng=(T(),Lg(Vb,"\\s+"));Vb="";for(we=0;we<ng.length;we++)Vb+=ng[we],we<ng.length-1&&(Vb+=" ");V(ve+")"+
mg.href+", txt\x3d["+Vb+"], dbg\x3d["+bh(em,mg)+"]")}}df=pd;if(null!=df){if(void 0==df)throw new TypeError;cf[1]=df}if(void 0==cf)throw new TypeError;m[3]=cf}Gl(q,O,"Pagination");var ca=c.f,uc,Wb,og,pg,vc,wc,Bj,va,Cj,Dj,Ej;va=(Cj={},Cj[9]=[],Cj);var qg,rg;rg=!1;for(qg=0;qg<ca.a.b.length&&!rg;qg++)rg=N(ca.a,qg).xb();if(!rg){var Ro=Ck(ca);if(void 0==Ro)throw new TypeError;va[1]=Ro;var Fj,sg,tg;tg="";for(sg=0;sg<ca.a.b.length&&!tg.length;sg++)tg=N(ca.a,sg).vb();Fj=tg;if(void 0==Fj)throw new TypeError;
va[2]=Fj;var Gj,ug,vg;vg="";for(ug=0;ug<ca.a.b.length&&!vg.length;ug++)vg=N(ca.a,ug).wb();Gj=vg;if(void 0==Gj)throw new TypeError;va[3]=Gj;var Hj,wg,xg;wg="";for(xg=0;xg<ca.a.b.length&&!wg.length;xg++)wg=N(ca.a,xg).rb();Hj=wg;if(void 0==Hj)throw new TypeError;va[4]=Hj;var Ij,yg,zg;zg="";for(yg=0;yg<ca.a.b.length&&!zg.length;yg++)zg=N(ca.a,yg).tb();Ij=zg;if(void 0==Ij)throw new TypeError;va[5]=Ij;var Jj,Ag,Bg;Ag="";for(Bg=0;Bg<ca.a.b.length&&!Ag.length;Bg++)Ag=N(ca.a,Bg).qb();Jj=Ag;if(void 0==Jj)throw new TypeError;
va[6]=Jj;var Kj,Cg,Dg;Cg="";for(Dg=0;Dg<ca.a.b.length&&!Cg.length;Dg++)Cg=N(ca.a,Dg).pb();Kj=Cg;if(void 0==Kj)throw new TypeError;va[7]=Kj;var Eg,Fg;Eg=null;for(Fg=0;Fg<ca.a.b.length&&!Eg;Fg++)Eg=N(ca.a,Fg).ob();if(uc=Eg){Wb=(Dj={},Dj[5]=[],Dj);var So=uc.d;if(void 0==So)throw new TypeError;Wb[1]=So;var To=uc.c;if(void 0==To)throw new TypeError;Wb[2]=To;var Uo=uc.b;if(void 0==Uo)throw new TypeError;Wb[3]=Uo;var Vo=uc.e;if(void 0==Vo)throw new TypeError;Wb[4]=Vo;for(pg=0;pg<uc.a.length;pg++)Wb[5].push(uc.a[pg]);
if(void 0==Wb)throw new TypeError;va[8]=Wb}var Gg,Hg;Hg=null;for(Gg=0;Gg<ca.a.b.length&&!(Hg=N(ca.a,Gg).sb(),0<Hg.length);Gg++);Bj=Hg;for(og=0;og<Bj.length;og++){vc=Bj[og];wc=(Ej={},va[9].push(Ej),Ej);var Wo=vc.e;if(void 0==Wo)throw new TypeError;wc[1]=Wo;var Xo=vc.c;if(void 0==Xo)throw new TypeError;wc[2]=Xo;var Yo=vc.d;if(void 0==Yo)throw new TypeError;wc[3]=Yo;var Zo=vc.a;if(void 0==Zo)throw new TypeError;wc[4]=Zo;var $o=vc.f;if(void 0==$o)throw new TypeError;wc[5]=$o;var ap=vc.b;if(void 0==ap)throw new TypeError;
wc[6]=ap}}if(void 0==va)throw new TypeError;m[5]=va;var bp=U()-x;if(void 0==bp)throw new TypeError;O[5]=bp;if(void 0==O)throw new TypeError;m[6]=O;var cp=c.d;if(void 0==cp)throw new TypeError;m[8]=cp;d=($m={},$m);var dp=(an=sm,sm="",an);if(void 0==dp)throw new TypeError;d[1]=dp;if(void 0==d)throw new TypeError;m[7]=d;return m}n(206,1,{},function(){});t(206);function tm(a){return a?((a.offsetHeight||0)|0)*((a.offsetWidth||0)|0):0}
function Pk(a,b){var c;for(c=a;c&&!c.contains(b);)c=c.parentNode;return c}function um(a){var b;for(b=new Q;a;)b.b[b.b.length]=a,a=a.parentNode;return b}function U(){return"undefined"!==typeof distiller_on_ios&&distiller_on_ios||!window.performance?Date.now():window.performance.now()}function vm(a,b){var c;if(null==a)return!1;c=$doc.createElement("a");c.href=a;return cg("."+ad(c,"host"),"."+b)}
function fm(a){var b;b=getComputedStyle(a,null);a=parseFloat(b.opacity);return!("none"===b.display||"hidden"===b.visibility||0==a)}
function wm(a){var b,c,d;"A"===a.tagName&&(d=a,d.href.length&&(d.href=d.href));b=a.getElementsByTagName("A");for(c=0;c<b.length;c++)d=b[c],d.href.length&&(d.href=d.href);"VIDEO"===a.tagName&&(c=a,c.poster.length&&(c.poster=c.poster));d=a.getElementsByTagName("VIDEO");for(b=0;b<d.length;b++)c=d[b],c.poster.length&&(c.poster=c.poster);xm(a);"IMG"===a.tagName&&ym(a);b=a.querySelectorAll("IMG[SRCSET]");for(a=0;a<b.length;a++)ym(b[a])}
function xm(a){("IMG"==a.tagName||"SOURCE"==a.tagName||"TRACK"==a.tagName||"VIDEO"==a.tagName)&&a.src&&(a.src=a.src);a=a.querySelectorAll("img,source,track,video");for(var b in a)a[b].src&&(a[b].src=a[b].src)}function ym(a){var b,c,d,e;c=A(a,"srcset");if(""==c)a.removeAttribute("srcset");else{d=a.src;e=(T(),c.split(","));for(c=0;c<e.length;c++)b=Ek(e[c]),b.length&&(b=Lg(b," "),a.src=b[0],b[0]=a.src,e[c]=zm(b," "));c=zm(e,", ");a.setAttribute("srcset",c);a.src=d}}
function Am(a){var b,c,d,e;if(null==a||!a.length)return new mj;e=new mj;a=Lg(a,"\x26");for(c=0;c<a.length;c++);c=0;for(d=a.length;c<d;++c)if(b=a[c],b=Lg(b,"\x3d"),1<b.length){var f=e,g=b[0];if(null==b[1])throw new $f("encodedURL cannot be null");L(f,g,decodeURI(b[1]))}return e}function Bm(a,b,c){var d,e,f;e=0;for(f=c.length;e<f;++e)d=c[e],a.tagName!==d&&"*"!==d||a.removeAttribute(b);d=0;for(e=c.length;d<e;++d);c=zm(c,", ");c=a.querySelectorAll(c);for(a=0;a<c.length;a++)c[a].removeAttribute(b)}
function Cm(a){var b,c,d;b=a.attributes;for(c=0;c<b.length;)d=b[c].nodeName,"src"===d||"alt"===d||"srcset"===d||"dir"===d||"width"===d||"height"===d||"title"===d?++c:a.removeAttribute(d)}function Dm(a){this.a=a}n(104,1,{},Dm);_.mb=function(){};_.nb=function(a){switch(a.nodeType){case 3:return P(this.a,a),!1;case 1:if(!fm(a))return!1;P(this.a,a);return!0;default:return!1}};t(104);
function Qk(a,b){var c,d;if(a.a.nb(b)){if(d=b.firstChild)for(;d!=b;){c=!1;if(a.a.nb(d)){if(c=d.firstChild){d=c;continue}c=!0}for(;d!=b;){c&&a.a.mb(d);if(c=d.nextSibling){d=c;break}d=d.parentNode;c=!0}}a.a.mb(b)}}function Rk(a){this.a=a}n(60,1,{},Rk);t(60);function Em(a){var b;a.b="";(b=a.j.querySelector(".byline-name"))&&(a.b=b.textContent)}function Fm(a){this.j=a}n(120,1,{},Fm);
_.ob=function(){var a,b;a=new Gm;if(null==this.d){var c;!this.a&&(this.a=this.j.getElementsByTagName("META"));this.d="";if(b=this.j.querySelector(".dateline"))this.d=b.textContent;else for(b=0;b<this.a.length;b++)if(c=this.a[b],H(c.name,"displaydate")){this.d=c.content;break}}a.d=this.d;b=(null==this.b&&Em(this),this.b);a.a=b.length?D(v(p,1),h,2,4,[b]):G(p,h,2,0,4);return a};_.pb=function(){return null==this.b&&Em(this),this.b};
_.qb=function(){if(null==this.c){var a,b;!this.a&&(this.a=this.j.getElementsByTagName("META"));this.c="";for(a=0;a<this.a.length;a++)if(b=this.a[a],H(b.name,"copyright")){this.c=b.content;break}}return this.c};_.rb=function(){return""};
_.sb=function(){if(!this.f){var a,b,c,d,e;this.f=new Q;a=this.j.getElementsByTagName("IMG");for(c=0;c<a.length;c++){e=a[c];var f=d=b=void 0,g=void 0;b=void 0;b=B(e);if(H("FIGURE",b.tagName)){if(d=b.getElementsByTagName("FIGCAPTION"),g=d.length,b="",0<g&&2>=g)for(f=0;f<g&&!b.length;f++)b=d[f].innerText}else b="";(d=null!=b&&b.length)||(d=d=void 0,d=e.width,400>d?d=!1:(d/=e.height,d=1.3<=d&&3>=d));d&&(d=new Hm,d.e=e.src,d.a=b,d.f=e.width,d.b=e.height,P(this.f,d))}}return Qh(this.f,G(Im,ea,27,this.f.b.length,
0))};_.tb=function(){if(null==this.i){var a,b,c;this.i="";a=this.j.getElementsByTagName("*");for(c=0;c<a.length&&!this.i.length;c++)b=a[c],this.i=A(b,"publisher"),!this.i.length&&(this.i=A(b,"source_organization"))}return this.i};_.ub=function(){if(null==this.k){var a,b;!this.a&&(this.a=this.j.getElementsByTagName("META"));this.k="";if(0!=this.a.length&&(a=this.j.getElementsByTagName("TITLE"),0!=a.length))for(a=0;a<this.a.length;a++)if(b=this.a[a],H(b.name,"title")){this.k=b.content;break}}return this.k};
_.vb=function(){return""};_.wb=function(){return""};_.xb=function(){if(!this.e){var a,b;!this.a&&(this.a=this.j.getElementsByTagName("META"));this.e=!0;for(a=0;a<this.a.length;a++)if(b=this.a[a],H(b.name,"IE_RM_OFF")){this.g=H(b.content,"true");break}}return this.g};_.a=null;_.b=null;_.c=null;_.d=null;_.e=!1;_.f=null;_.g=!1;_.i=null;_.j=null;_.k=null;t(120);function rm(a){return parseInt(a,10)|0}
function Gl(a,b,c){var d;if(b){b=(d={},b[6].push(d),d);if(void 0==c)throw new TypeError;b[1]=c;a=U()-a;if(void 0==a)throw new TypeError;b[2]=a}}function V(a){null==a&&(a="");-1==a.indexOf("[0;")&&-1==a.indexOf("[1;")||(a+="\u001b[0m");Jm||null==$wnd.console||"function"!=typeof $wnd.console.log&&"object"!=typeof $wnd.console.log||$wnd.console.log(a);sm+=a+"\n"}var Mk=0,sm="",Jm=!1;function Ck(a){var b,c;c="";for(b=0;b<a.a.b.length&&!c.length;b++)c=N(a.a,b).ub();return c}
function Gk(a,b){var c;this.b=b;this.a=new Q;c=U();P(this.a,new Km(a,this.b));Gl(c,this.b,"OpenGraphProtocolParser");c=U();P(this.a,new Lm(a,this.b));Gl(c,this.b,"SchemaOrgParserAccessor");c=U();P(this.a,new Fm(a));Gl(c,this.b,"IEReadingViewParser")}n(109,1,{},Gk);t(109);function Gm(){}n(61,1,{},Gm);_.a=null;_.b="";_.c="";_.d="";_.e="";t(61);function Hm(){}n(27,1,{27:1},Hm);_.a="";_.b=0;_.c="";_.d="";_.e="";_.f=0;var Im=t(27);
function Dl(a){if(0==a.a.b.length||0!=N(a.a,a.a.b.length-1).b.b.length)P(a.a,new Mm),a.b=null}function Fl(a,b){var c,d,e;d=N(a.a,a.a.b.length-1);0==d.b.b.length?(P(d.b,b),a.b=b):(c=b.a-a.b.a,c=0==c?0:0>c?-1:1,c!=d.a?0!=d.a&&(d=(e=new Mm,P(a.a,e),e),0!=c&&P(d.b,a.b)):0==c&&(d.b.b=G(Yb,ea,1,0,3)),P(d.b,b),a.b=b,d.a=c)}function Nm(){this.a=new Q}n(124,1,{},Nm);_.b=null;t(124);function Mm(){this.b=new Q}n(81,1,{},Mm);_.a=0;t(81);function Om(a){this.b=new Pm(a);this.a=new Q;this.d=new Q}n(194,1,{},Om);
_.mb=function(){this.a.U(this.a.b.length-1);this.d.U(this.d.b.length-1)};_.nb=function(a){if(!this.b.a)return!1;P(this.a,a);P(this.d,null);1==this.d.b.length&&(this.c=new Qm(a),Ph(this.d,0,this.c));if(Rm(this.b,a))for(a=0;a<this.a.b.length;a++)if(null==N(this.d,a)){Ph(this.d,a,new Qm(N(this.a,a)));var b=N(this.d,a-1),c=N(this.d,a);bk(b.a,c)}return!0};t(194);
function Sm(a){var b,c;c=a.b.cloneNode(!1);for(a=Ih(a.a,0);a.b!=a.d.c;)b=(y(a.b!=a.d.c),a.c=a.b,a.b=a.b.a,++a.a,a.c.c),b=Sm(b),c.appendChild(b);return c}function Tm(a){var b,c;c=a.b.cloneNode(!1);1==a.b.nodeType&&(b=getComputedStyle(a.b,null).direction,!b.length&&(b="auto"),c.setAttribute("dir",b));for(a=Ih(a.a,0);a.b!=a.d.c;)b=(y(a.b!=a.d.c),a.c=a.b,a.b=a.b.a,++a.a,a.c.c),b=Tm(b),c.appendChild(b);return c}function Qm(a){this.b=a;this.a=new ek}n(71,1,{},Qm);t(71);
function Um(){Um=k;Vm=RegExp("((\\w+):\\s+(http:\\/\\/ogp.me\\/ns(\\/\\w+)*#))\\s*","gi");Wm=/^xmlns:(\w+)/i;Xm=/^http:\/\/ogp.me\/ns(\/\w+)*#/i}function Ym(a,b){return I(a.f,b)?K(a.f,b):""}function en(a,b,c){null!=c&&c.length?(c=c.substr(1,c.length-1),"profile"===c?$h(a.c,(fn(),ln),b):"article"===c&&$h(a.c,(fn(),mn),b)):$h(a.c,(fn(),on),b)}
function qn(a,b){var c,d;this.b=new rn;this.d=new sn;this.a=new tn;this.e=D(v(un,1),ea,21,0,[new vn("title",(fn(),on),null),new vn("type",on,null),new vn("url",on,null),new vn("description",on,null),new vn("site_name",on,null),new vn("image",on,this.b),new vn("image:",on,this.b),new vn("first_name",ln,this.d),new vn("last_name",ln,this.d),new vn("section",mn,this.a),new vn("published_time",mn,this.a),new vn("modified_time",mn,this.a),new vn("expiration_time",mn,this.a),new vn("author",mn,this.a)]);
this.f=new mj;this.c=new ei(wn);this.g=b;d=U();var e,f,g;c="";H("HTML",a.tagName)&&(c=A(a,"prefix"));c.length||(g=a.getElementsByTagName("HEAD"),1==g.length&&(c=A(g[0],"prefix")));if(c.length)for(Vm.lastIndex=0;;){g=Vm.exec(c);if(!g)break;en(this,g[2],g[4])}else for(c=a.attributes,g=0;g<c.length;g++)if(f=c[g],e=f.nodeName.toLowerCase(),e=Wm.exec(e))f=f.nodeValue,(f=Xm.exec(f))&&en(this,e[1],f[1]);null==Yh(this.c,(fn(),on))&&$h(this.c,on,"og");null==Yh(this.c,ln)&&$h(this.c,ln,"profile");null==Yh(this.c,
mn)&&$h(this.c,mn,"article");Gl(d,this.g,"OpenGraphProtocolParser.findPrefixes");d=U();var l,m;e="";for(g=new Ti((new mi(this.c)).a);Vi(g.a);)c=(g.b=Wi(g.a),new aj(g.c,g.b)),e+='meta[property^\x3d"'+c.b.b[c.a.b]+'"],';e=Og(e,0,e.length-1);c=a.querySelectorAll(e);for(g=0;g<c.length;g++)for(f=c[g],m=A(f,"property").toLowerCase(),e=0;e<this.e.length;e++)l=Yh(this.c,this.e[e].c)+":",Mg(m,l+this.e[e].a)&&(m=Ng(m,l.length),l=!0,this.e[e].b&&(l=this.e[e].b.yb(m,f.content,this.f)),l&&L(this.f,this.e[e].a,
f.content));Gl(d,this.g,"OpenGraphProtocolParser.parseMetaTags");d=U();c=this.b;if(0!=c.a.b.length)for(g=c.a.b.length-1;0<=g;g--)e=N(c.a,g)[0],null!=e&&e.length||c.a.U(g);Gl(d,this.g,"OpenGraphProtocolParser.imageParser.verify");d=U();c=Yh(this.c,on)+":";if(!(I(this.f,"title")?K(this.f,"title"):"").length)throw new Zb('Required "'+c+'title" property is missing.');if(!(I(this.f,"type")?K(this.f,"type"):"").length)throw new Zb('Required "'+c+'type" property is missing.');if(!(I(this.f,"url")?K(this.f,
"url"):"").length)throw new Zb('Required "'+c+'url" property is missing.');if(0==zn(this.b).length)throw new Zb('Required "'+c+'image" property is missing.');Gl(d,this.g,"OpenGraphProtocolParser.checkRequired")}n(145,1,{},qn);var Wm,Xm,Vm;t(145);function tn(){this.b=!1;this.a=new Q}n(148,1,{},tn);_.yb=function(a,b,c){this.b||(c=c.c.eb("type"),this.b=null!=c&&H(c,"article"));return this.b?"author"===a?(P(this.a,b),!1):!0:!1};_.b=!1;t(148);
function zn(a){var b,c,d,e;e=G(Im,ea,27,a.a.b.length,0);for(b=0;b<a.a.b.length;b++)c=N(a.a,b),d=new Hm,e[b]=d,d.e=null!=c[1]&&c[1].length?c[1]:c[0],null!=c[2]&&(d.c=c[2]),null!=c[3]&&(d.d=c[3]),null!=c[4]&&(d.f=rm(c[4])),null!=c[5]&&(d.b=rm(c[5]));return e}function rn(){this.b=D(v(p,1),h,2,4,"image image:url image:secure_url image:type image:width image:height".split(" "));this.a=new Q}n(146,1,{},rn);
_.yb=function(a,b){var c,d;if("image"===a)d=G(p,h,2,this.b.length,4),d[0]=b,P(this.a,d);else for(0==this.a.b.length?(d=G(p,h,2,this.b.length,4),P(this.a,d)):d=N(this.a,this.a.b.length-1),c=1;c<this.b.length;c++)if(a===this.b[c]){d[c]=b;break}return!1};t(146);function fn(){fn=k;on=new An("OG",0);ln=new An("PROFILE",1);mn=new An("ARTICLE",2)}function An(a,b){C.call(this,a,b)}n(43,8,{3:1,11:1,8:1,43:1},An);var mn,on,ln,wn=u(43,function(){fn();return D(v(wn,1),ha,43,0,[on,ln,mn])});
function sn(){this.b=this.a=!1}n(147,1,{},sn);_.yb=function(a,b,c){this.a||(a=c.c.eb("type"),this.b=null!=a&&H(a,"profile"),this.a=!0);return this.b};_.a=!1;_.b=!1;t(147);function vn(a,b,c){this.a=a;this.c=b;this.b=c}n(21,1,{21:1},vn);_.a=null;_.b=null;var un=t(21);function Bn(a){if(!a.a){var b;var c=a.c,d=a.d;Um();var e,f;try{f=U(),e=new qn(c,d),Gl(f,d,"OpenGraphProtocolParser.parse"),b=e}catch(g){if(g=Dc(g),r(g,14))b=null;else throw Ec(g);}a.b=b;a.a=!0}return!!a.b}
function Km(a,b){this.c=a;this.d=b;this.a=!1}n(117,1,{},Km);_.ob=function(){var a;if(Bn(this)){a=new Gm;a.d=Ym(this.b,"published_time");a.c=Ym(this.b,"modified_time");a.b=Ym(this.b,"expiration_time");a.e=Ym(this.b,"section");var b;b=this.b.a;b=Qh(b.a,G(p,h,2,b.a.b.length,4));a.a=b;return a.e.length||a.d.length||a.c.length||a.b.length||0!=a.a.length?a:null}return null};
_.pb=function(){var a;if(Bn(this)){var b=this.b;a=b.f;b.d.b?(b=a.c.eb("first_name"),null==b&&(b=""),a=a.c.eb("last_name"),null!=a&&b.length&&a.length&&(b+=" "),a=b+a):a=""}else a="";return a};_.qb=function(){return""};_.rb=function(){return Bn(this)?Ym(this.b,"description"):""};_.sb=function(){return Bn(this)?zn(this.b.b):G(Im,ea,27,0,0)};_.tb=function(){return Bn(this)?Ym(this.b,"site_name"):""};_.ub=function(){return Bn(this)?Ym(this.b,"title"):""};
_.vb=function(){var a;a=Bn(this)?Ym(this.b,"type"):"";return H(a,"article")?"Article":""};_.wb=function(){return Bn(this)?Ym(this.b,"url"):""};_.xb=function(){return!1};_.a=!1;t(117);function Rm(a,b){if(b!=a.a)return!1;a.a=a.b.Q()?a.b.R():null;return!0}function Pm(a){this.b=a.D();a.I()||(this.a=this.b.R())}n(94,1,{},Pm);t(94);function Nl(a,b,c){this.a=a;this.b=b;this.c=c}n(90,1,{},Nl);_.a=0;_.b=0;_.c=0;t(90);
function cm(a){var b,c,d;d="Type: "+a.e+"\nPageInfo: "+a.a.b.length;d+="\npattern: "+a.d;for(c=new M(a.a);c.b<c.d.J();)b=(y(c.b<c.d.J()),c.d.T(c.c=c.b++)),d+="\n  "+("pg"+b.a+": "+b.b);return d+="\nformula: "+(a.b?En(a.b):"null")+"\nnextPagingUrl: "+a.c}function bm(){this.e=(Wl(),Fn);this.a=new Q}function Vl(a,b,c,d,e){this.e=(Wl(),Fn);this.e=a;this.d=b;this.a=c;this.b=d;this.c=e}
function Ul(a){var b,c,d,e;if(2>a.b.length)return null;c=(z(0,a.b.length),a.b[0]);b=(z(1,a.b.length),a.b[1]);if(d=2==a.b.length)d=c.a,e=b.a,d=4<(d>e?d:e);if(d)return null;d=b.a-c.a;if(0==d)return null;b=~~((b.b-c.b)/d);if(0==b)return null;c=c.b-b*c.a;if(0!=c&&c!=-b)return null;for(d=2;d<a.b.length;d++)if(e=(z(d,a.b.length),a.b[d]),e.b!=b*e.a+c)return null;return new Yl(b,c)}
function Sl(a,b){var c,d,e,f,g,l,m,q;q=new Gn;f=c=e=-1;m=new zj;for(l=new M(a);l.b<l.d.J();){g=(y(l.b<l.d.J()),l.d.T(l.c=l.b++));d=g.c;if(-1==c)e=d;else if(d!=c+1){if(d<=c||d!=c+2||-1!=f)return q;f=d-1}if(!R(m,mf(g.b)))return q;c=d}q.a=!0;if(-1!=f){if(0>=f||f>=b.b.length-1)return q;c=(z(f,b.b.length),b.b[f]).a;(z(f-1,b.b.length),b.b[f-1]).a==c-1&&(z(f+1,b.b.length),b.b[f+1]).a==c+1&&(q.b=!0,q.c=(z(f+1,b.b.length),b.b[f+1]).b);return q}if((0==e||1==e)&&1==(z(0,b.b.length),b.b[0]).a&&2==(z(1,b.b.length),
b.b[1]).a||2==e&&3==(z(2,b.b.length),b.b[2]).a&&dg((z(1,b.b.length),b.b[1]).b)&&!dg((z(0,b.b.length),b.b[0]).b))return q.b=!0,q;f=b.b.length;if((c==f-1||c==f-2)&&(z(f-2,b.b.length),b.b[f-2]).a+1==(z(f-1,b.b.length),b.b[f-1]).a)return q.b=!0,q;for(e+=1;e<c;e++)if((z(e-1,b.b.length),b.b[e-1]).a+2==(z(e+1,b.b.length),b.b[e+1]).a){q.b=!0;break}return q}
function Tl(a,b){var c,d,e,f;if(1>=a.b.length)return!1;c=(z(0,a.b.length),a.b[0]);if(1!=c.a&&!c.b.length)return!1;d=!1;for(f=new M(a);f.b<f.d.J();)if(e=(y(f.b<f.d.J()),f.d.T(f.c=f.b++)),e.b.length)d&&!b.c.length&&(b.c=e.b);else{if(d)return!1;d=!0}if(2==a.b.length)return c.a+1==(z(1,a.b.length),a.b[1]).a;for(d=1;d<a.b.length;d++)if(c=(z(d,a.b.length),a.b[d]),e=(z(d-1,a.b.length),a.b[d-1]),1!=c.a-e.a&&(1!=d&&d!=a.b.length-1||!c.b.length||!e.b.length))return!1;return!0}n(40,1,{},bm,Vl);_.tS=function(){return cm(this)};
_.b=null;_.c="";_.d="";t(40);function En(a){return"coefficient\x3d"+a.a+", delta\x3d"+a.b}function Yl(a,b){this.a=a;this.b=b}n(75,1,{},Yl);_.tS=function(){return En(this)};_.a=0;_.b=0;t(75);function Il(a,b){this.a=a;this.b=b}n(26,1,{},Il);_.tS=function(){return"pg"+this.a+": "+this.b};_.a=0;t(26);function Gn(){}n(103,1,{},Gn);_.a=!1;_.b=!1;_.c="";t(103);function Wl(){Wl=k;Fn=new Hn("UNSET",0);Xl=new Hn("PAGE_NUMBER",1);In=new Hn("UNKNOWN",2)}function Hn(a,b){C.call(this,a,b)}
n(41,8,{3:1,11:1,8:1,41:1},Hn);var Xl,In,Fn,Kn=u(41,function(){Wl();return D(v(Kn,1),ha,41,0,[Fn,Xl,In])});
function Ln(){X||(X=new zj,R(X,"baixar-gratis"),R(X,"category"),R(X,"content"),R(X,"day"),R(X,"date"),R(X,"definition"),R(X,"etiket"),R(X,"film-seyret"),R(X,"key"),R(X,"keys"),R(X,"keyword"),R(X,"label"),R(X,"news"),R(X,"q"),R(X,"query"),R(X,"rating"),R(X,"s"),R(X,"search"),R(X,"seasons"),R(X,"search_keyword"),R(X,"search_query"),R(X,"sortby"),R(X,"subscriptions"),R(X,"tag"),R(X,"tags"),R(X,"video"),R(X,"videos"),R(X,"w"),R(X,"wiki"))}var X=null,Ql=null;
function $l(a,b){var c;if(a.a){c=a.a;var d=b.a;c=c.b&&!d.b?1:!c.b&&d.b?-1:c.e==d.e?0:c.e==(Wl(),Xl)?1:d.e==Xl?-1:0;-1==c?(a.a=b.a,a.b=b.b):0==c&&(a.b=!0)}else a.a=b.a,a.b=b.b}function Hl(){}function am(a){this.a=a}n(68,1,{},Hl,am);_.a=null;_.b=!1;t(68);function Ml(a,b,c){var d;d=b.tS();I(a.a,d)?P(K(a.a,d).a,c):L(a.a,d,new Mn(b,c))}function Jl(){this.a=new mj}n(125,1,{},Jl);t(125);function Mn(a,b){this.b=a;this.a=new Q;P(this.a,b)}n(126,1,{},Mn);t(126);function wl(){wl=k;yl=/\/$/}
function El(a,b,c,d,e){var f;f=c?b:d?b.previousSibling:b.nextSibling;if(!f)return f=b.parentNode,!Rn&&(Rn=/(BODY)|(HTML)/),Rn.test(f.nodeName)?!1:El(a,f,!1,d,e);c=!1;switch(f.nodeType){case 3:b=f.nodeValue;if(!b.length||(T(),0==Dk.Bb(b)))break;b=f.nodeValue;var g,l,m;if(Pl(b)){Sn?Sn.lastIndex=0:Sn=RegExp("(\\S*[\\w\u00c0-\u1fff\u2c00-\ud7ff]\\S*)","gi");!Tn&&(Tn=/^[\W_]*(\d+)[\W_]*$/i);for(g=!1;;){l=Sn.exec(b);if(!l)break;1>=l.length||(l=l[1],m=Tn.exec(l),l=-1,m&&1<m.length&&(l=Un(m[1])),0<=l&&100>=
l?(Fl(a.a,new Il(l,"")),g=!0):Dl(a.a))}b=g}else Dl(a.a),b=!1;if(d||!b)return!1;break;case 1:if(b=f,H("A",b.tagName)){if(d)return!1;++a.c;(b=Cl(a,b,e))?(Fl(a.a,b.a),b=!0):(Dl(a.a),b=!1);if(!b)return!1;break}default:if(!f.hasChildNodes())break;c=!0;d?f=f.lastChild:f=f.firstChild}return El(a,f,c,d,e)}
function Cl(a,b,c){var d,e,f,g;if(!fm(b))return null;g=Ek(b.innerText);g=Ig(g,"[()\\[\\]{}]");g=Pg(g);g=Un(g);if(!(0<=g&&100>=g))return null;d=A(b,"href");d.length?(c.setAttribute("href",d),f=c.href):f="";d=!f.length;e=!1;c=null;if(!d){e="javascript:"===f.substr(0,11);c=zl(f);if(!c||!e&&!H(c.d.host,a.d.d.host))return null;c.d.hash=""}if(!(a=d||e)){b=getComputedStyle(b,null);b=b.cursor.toUpperCase();dd();a=(He(),Ie);Oc(b);a=a[":"+b];b=D(v(Yb,1),ea,1,3,[b]);if(!a)throw new af(Rc("Enum constant undefined: %s",
b));a=a==(dd(),ge)}return a?new fo(g,""):new fo(g,bb(c.d).replace(yl,""))}function xl(a){this.a=new Nm;this.e=a}n(107,1,{},xl);_.b="";_.c=0;_.d=null;var yl,Rn=null,Tn=null,Sn=null;t(107);function fo(a,b){this.a=new Il(a,b)}n(77,1,{},fo);t(77);
function dm(){dm=k;km=RegExp("(next|weiter|continue|\x3e([^\\|]|$)|\u00bb([^\\|]|$))","i");om=RegExp("(prev|early|old|new|\x3c|\u00ab)","i");pm=/article|body|content|entry|hentry|main|page|pagination|post|text|blog|story/i;nm=RegExp("combx|comment|com-|contact|foot|footer|footnote|masthead|media|meta|outbrain|promo|related|shoutbox|sidebar|sponsor|shopping|tags|tool|widget","i");hm=RegExp("print|archive|comment|discuss|e[\\-]?mail|share|reply|all|login|sign|single|as one|article|post|\u7bc7","i");
lm=/pag(e|ing|inat)/i;qm=/p(a|g|ag)?(e|ing|ination)?(=|\/)[0-9]{1,2}$/i;mm=/(first|last)/i;gm=/\/?(#.*)?$/;im=/\d/;em=new mj}function W(a,b){var c;3>Mk||(c="",$g(em,a)&&(c=bh(em,a)),!c.length||(c+="; "),ch(em,a,c+b))}function Al(a){dm();var b,c;c=$doc.implementation.createHTMLDocument();b=c.createElement("base");b.href=a;(c.head||c.getElementsByTagName("head")[0]).appendChild(b);a=c.createElement("a");c.body.appendChild(a);return a}
function Bl(a,b){dm();var c,d;d=a.getElementsByTagName("BASE");if(0==d.length)return b;c=Al(b);d=A(d[0],"href");c.setAttribute("href",d);return c.href}var hm,mm,gm,qm,nm,km,im,lm,pm,om,em;function jm(a,b,c){this.b=a;this.d=0;this.c=b;this.a=c}n(108,1,{},jm);_.b=-1;_.d=0;t(108);function go(a){var b;null==a.a&&(b=(null==a.c&&(a.c=Ol(a.d)),a.c),b.length?a.a=(T(),Lg(b,"\\/")):a.a=G(p,h,2,0,4));return a.a}function jo(a){this.d=a}
function zl(a){var b;try{b=new URL(a)}catch(c){b=null}return b?new jo(b):null}n(67,1,{67:1},jo);_.tS=function(){return bb(this.d)};_.a=null;_.b=null;var Zl=_.c=null,Kl=t(67);function Ol(a){a=a.pathname.replace(/;.*$/,"");a=a.replace(/^\//,"");return a.replace(/\/$/,"")}function ko(a){var b,c;if(2>a.b)return!1;c=go(a.g);if(4!=c[a.b].length)return!1;b=Un(c[a.b-1]);return 0<b&&12>=b&&(a=Un(c[a.b-2]),1970<a&&3E3>a)?!0:!1}
function ro(a,b){var c,d,e,f;f=b.length;e=f-a.f.length;if(!Mg(b,a.e))return!1;c=a.c;for(d=Nf(a.d,e);c<d&&b.charCodeAt(c)==a.i.charCodeAt(c);c++);if(c==e){if(d=c+1==a.d)d=a.i.charCodeAt(c),128>d?(e=(Ze(),$e)[d],!e&&(e=$e[d]=new Xe(d)),d=e):d=new Xe(d),d=/[-_;,]/.test(d);if(d||c+a.f.length==f)return!0}else if(c==a.d&&0<=Un(b.substr(c,e-c)))return!0;return!1}
function Rl(a,b,c,d){var e;a=bb(a.d);a:{if(47==a.charCodeAt(c-1)&&b<c-1&&(e=a.substr(d,a.length-d).toLowerCase(),!to&&(to=/(.s?html?)?$/i),to.test(e)&&(!uo&&(uo=/([^/]*)\/$/i),b=a.substr(b+1,c-(b+1)),(b=uo.exec(b))&&1<b.length&&(Ln(),S(X,b[1].toLowerCase()))))){b=!0;break a}b=!1}if(b)throw new af("Bad last numeric path component");e=a.substr(c,d-c);b=Un(e);if(0>b)throw new af("Value in path component is an invalid number: "+e);d=a.substr(0,c)+"[*!]"+a.substr(d,a.length-d);this.g=zl(d);if(!this.g)throw new af("Invalid URL: "+
d);this.i=d;this.a=b;this.d=c;this.c=hg(this.i,47,this.d);c=go(this.g);for(this.b=0;this.b<c.length&&-1==c[this.b].indexOf("[*!]");this.b++);this.e=Og(this.i,0,this.c);d=this.i.length;c=d-this.d-4;0!=c&&(this.f=Ng(this.i,d-c))}n(183,1,{},Rl);
_.zb=function(a){if(this.f.length&&!cg(a,this.f))a=!1;else if(47==this.i.charCodeAt(this.d-1))a:{var b,c,d,e;e=a.length;c=this.f.length;d=a.length-c;b=hg(this.g.d.pathname,47,this.c-1-this.g.d.origin.length);if(-1!=b&&(b+=this.g.d.origin.length,b+c==e)){a=ig(a,0,this.i,0,b);break a}Mg(a,this.e)?(b=this.c+c,a=b==e?!0:b>e||47!=a.charCodeAt(this.c)?!1:0<=Un(Og(a,this.c+1,d))):a=!1}else a=ro(this,a);return a};
_.Ab=function(a){var b,c;b=go(a).length;c=go(this.g).length;if(b>c)return!1;if(1==b&&1==c){c=go(a)[0];a=go(this.g)[0];var d;if(c.length&&a.length)for(d=Nf(c.length,a.length),b=0;b<d&&c.charCodeAt(b)==a.charCodeAt(b);b++);else b=0;d=b;var e,f,g;e=0;f=c.length-1;for(g=a.length-1;f>d&&g>d&&c.charCodeAt(f)==a.charCodeAt(g);--f,--g,e++);return 2*(e+b)>=c.length}a:{e=go(a);d=go(this.g);b=!1;for(c=a=0;a<e.length&&c<d.length;++a,c++)if(a==this.b&&!b)b=!0,e.length<d.length&&--a;else if(!H(e[a],d[c])){a=!1;
break a}a=!0}return!a||ko(this)?!1:!0};_.tS=function(){return this.i};_.a=0;_.b=-1;_.c=0;_.d=0;_.f="";var to=null,uo=null;t(183);
function Ll(a,b,c,d){var e;if(!c.length)throw new af("Empty query name");if(!d.length)throw new af("Empty query value");if(!xo(d))throw new af("Query value has non-digits: "+d);Ln();if(S(X,c.toLowerCase()))throw new af("Query name is bad page param name: "+c);e=Un(d);if(0>e)throw new af("Query value is an invalid number: "+d);b=(b?"?":"\x26")+c+"\x3d";a=a.d.href.replace(b+d,b+"[*!]");this.i=zl(a);if(!this.i)throw new af("Invalid URL: "+a);this.j=a;this.a=e;this.c=a.indexOf("[*!]");this.e=hg(this.j,
63,this.c-1);this.b=hg(this.j,38,this.c-1);-1==this.b&&(this.b=this.e);!yo&&(yo=/\/$/);this.d=Og(this.j,0,this.b).replace(yo,"");e=this.j.length;this.g=e-this.c-4;0!=this.g&&(this.f=Ng(this.j,e-this.g+1))}n(182,1,{},Ll);
_.zb=function(a){var b,c;if(0!=this.g&&!cg(a,this.f))return!1;c=a.length-this.g;if(!Mg(a,this.d))return!1;if(this.b==c||c==this.b-1&&47==this.j.charCodeAt(c))return!0;b=Og(a,this.b,c).toLowerCase();!Bo&&(Bo=/^\/|(.html?)$/i);return Bo.test(b)?!0:ig(a,this.b,this.j,this.b,this.c-this.b)?0<=Un(Og(a,this.c,c)):!1};_.Ab=function(a){a=(null==a.c&&(a.c=Ol(a.d)),a.c);var b=this.i;null==b.c&&(b.c=Ol(b.d));return H(a,b.c)};_.tS=function(){return this.j};_.a=0;_.b=0;_.c=0;_.e=0;_.f="";_.g=0;
var yo=null,Bo=null;t(182);
function Co(){Co=k;Do=new mj;L(Do,"http://schema.org/ImageObject",(Jo(),Ko));L(Do,"http://schema.org/Article",Lo);L(Do,"http://schema.org/BlogPosting",Lo);L(Do,"http://schema.org/NewsArticle",Lo);L(Do,"http://schema.org/ScholarlyArticle",Lo);L(Do,"http://schema.org/TechArticle",Lo);L(Do,"http://schema.org/Person",Mo);L(Do,"http://schema.org/Organization",No);L(Do,"http://schema.org/Corporation",No);L(Do,"http://schema.org/EducationalOrganization",No);L(Do,"http://schema.org/GovernmentOrganization",No);
L(Do,"http://schema.org/NGO",No);Oo=new mj;L(Oo,"IMG","SRC");L(Oo,"AUDIO","SRC");L(Oo,"EMBED","SRC");L(Oo,"IFRAME","SRC");L(Oo,"SOURCE","SRC");L(Oo,"TRACK","SRC");L(Oo,"VIDEO","SRC");L(Oo,"A","HREF");L(Oo,"LINK","HREF");L(Oo,"AREA","HREF");L(Oo,"META","CONTENT");L(Oo,"TIME","DATETIME");L(Oo,"OBJECT","DATA");L(Oo,"DATA","VALUE");L(Oo,"METER","VALUE")}function Po(a){var b,c,d;b=new Q;for(c=0;c<a.c.b.length;c++)d=N(a.c,c),d.d==(Jo(),Lo)&&P(b,d);return b}
function ep(a,b,c){var d,e,f,g,l;e=null;d=b.hasAttribute("ITEMSCOPE")&&b.hasAttribute("ITEMTYPE");if(c){var m;f=A(b,"ITEMPROP");f.length?(m=(T(),Lg(f,"\\s+")),f=0<m.length?m:D(v(p,1),h,2,4,[f])):f=G(p,h,2,0,4)}else f=G(p,h,2,0,4);if(d){a:{var q;switch((q=A(b,"ITEMTYPE"),I(Do,q)?K(Do,q):(Jo(),fp)).b){case 0:e=new gp(b);break;case 1:e=new hp(b);break;case 2:e=new ip(b);break;case 3:e=new jp(b);break;case 4:e=new kp(b);break;default:e=null;break a}}!e||e.d==(Jo(),fp)||c&&c.d==(Jo(),fp)&&0!=f.length||
(P(a.c,e),ch(a.b,b,e))}if(0<f.length&&c.d!=(Jo(),fp)&&(!e||e.d!=(Jo(),fp)))for(a=0;a<f.length;a++)e?I(c.b,f[a])&&L(c.b,f[a],e):(d=c,q=f[a],m=(g="",l=b.tagName,I(Oo,l)&&(g=A(b,K(Oo,l))),!g.length&&(g=b.textContent),g),I(d.c,q)&&!K(d.c,q).length&&L(d.c,q,m))}
function lp(a,b){Co();var c;this.c=new Q;this.b=new mj;this.d=b;c=U();var d,e,f,g,l;d=a.querySelectorAll("[ITEMPROP],[ITEMSCOPE]");ep(this,a,null);for(f=0;f<d.length;f++){for(var m=e=d[f],q=void 0,x=void 0,x=null,q=e;q;){q=B(q);if(!q)break;if(q.hasAttribute("ITEMSCOPE")&&q.hasAttribute("ITEMTYPE")){$g(this.b,q)&&(x=bh(this.b,q));break}}ep(this,m,x)}d=a.querySelectorAll("A[rel\x3dauthor],LINK[rel\x3dauthor]");for(f=0;f<d.length;f++)e=d[f],!this.a.length&&(this.a=(g="",l=e.tagName,(H(l,"A")||H(l,"LINK"))&&
H(A(e,"REL"),"author")&&(g=e.textContent),g));Gl(c,this.d,"SchemaOrgParser.parse")}function mp(a,b){Co();var c;c=a;a.length&&b.length&&(c+=" ");return c+b}n(28,1,{},lp);_.a="";var Oo,Do;t(28);function np(a,b){return I(a.c,b)?K(a.c,b):""}function op(a,b){this.a=b;this.d=a;this.c=new mj;this.b=new mj;L(this.c,"name","");L(this.c,"url","");L(this.c,"description","");L(this.c,"image","")}n(44,1,{});t(44);
function pp(a,b){var c,d,e,f;c=I(a.c,b)?K(a.c,b):"";if(c.length)return c;(d=I(a.b,b)?K(a.b,b):null)&&(d.d==(Jo(),Mo)?c=(e=I(d.c,"name")?K(d.c,"name"):"",e.length?e:mp(I(d.c,"givenName")?K(d.c,"givenName"):"",I(d.c,"familyName")?K(d.c,"familyName"):"")):d.d==No&&(c=(f=I(d.c,"name")?K(d.c,"name"):"",f.length?f:I(d.c,"legalName")?K(d.c,"legalName"):"")));return c}
function hp(a){op.call(this,(Jo(),Lo),a);L(this.c,"headline","");L(this.c,"publisher","");L(this.c,"copyrightHolder","");L(this.c,"copyrightYear","");L(this.c,"dateModified","");L(this.c,"datePublished","");L(this.c,"author","");L(this.c,"creator","");L(this.c,"articleSection","");ch(this.b,"publisher",null);ch(this.b,"copyrightHolder",null);ch(this.b,"author",null);ch(this.b,"creator",null);ch(this.b,"associatedMedia",null);ch(this.b,"encoding",null)}n(150,44,{},hp);t(150);
function gp(a){op.call(this,(Jo(),Ko),a);L(this.c,"contentUrl","");L(this.c,"encodingFormat","");L(this.c,"caption","");L(this.c,"representativeOfPage","");L(this.c,"width","");L(this.c,"height","")}n(149,44,{},gp);t(149);function jp(a){op.call(this,(Jo(),No),a);L(this.c,"legalName","")}n(152,44,{},jp);t(152);function ip(a){op.call(this,(Jo(),Mo),a);L(this.c,"familyName","");L(this.c,"givenName","")}n(151,44,{},ip);t(151);
function Jo(){Jo=k;Ko=new qp("IMAGE",0);Lo=new qp("ARTICLE",1);Mo=new qp("PERSON",2);No=new qp("ORGANIZATION",3);fp=new qp("UNSUPPORTED",4)}function qp(a,b){C.call(this,a,b)}n(32,8,{3:1,11:1,8:1,32:1},qp);var Lo,Ko,No,Mo,fp,rp=u(32,function(){Jo();return D(v(rp,1),ha,32,0,[Ko,Lo,Mo,No,fp])});function kp(a){op.call(this,(Jo(),fp),a)}n(153,44,{},kp);t(153);function Lm(a,b){this.b=a;this.c=b}n(118,1,{},Lm);
_.ob=function(){var a;!this.a&&(this.a=new lp(this.b,this.c));a=Po(this.a);if(0==a.b.length)a=null;else{a=(z(0,a.b.length),a.b[0]);var b,c;b=new Gm;b.d=I(a.c,"datePublished")?K(a.c,"datePublished"):"";b.c=I(a.c,"dateModified")?K(a.c,"dateModified"):"";b.e=I(a.c,"articleSection")?K(a.c,"articleSection"):"";c=pp(a,"author");!c.length&&(c=pp(a,"creator"));b.a=c.length?D(v(p,1),h,2,4,[c]):G(p,h,2,0,4);a=b}return a};
_.pb=function(){var a,b;!this.a&&(this.a=new lp(this.b,this.c));b="";a=Po(this.a);0!=a.b.length&&(a=(z(0,a.b.length),a.b[0]),b=pp(a,"author"),!b.length&&(b=pp(a,"creator")));return b.length?b:this.a.a};_.qb=function(){var a;!this.a&&(this.a=new lp(this.b,this.c));a=Po(this.a);0==a.b.length?a="":(a=(z(0,a.b.length),a.b[0]),a=mp(I(a.c,"copyrightYear")?K(a.c,"copyrightYear"):"",pp(a,"copyrightHolder")),a=a.length?"Copyright "+a:a);return a};
_.rb=function(){var a;!this.a&&(this.a=new lp(this.b,this.c));a=Po(this.a);return 0==a.b.length?"":np((z(0,a.b.length),a.b[0]),"description")};
_.sb=function(){var a,b,c,d,e,f,g,l;!this.a&&(this.a=new lp(this.b,this.c));g=new Q;b=Po(this.a);c=null;for(d=0;d<b.b.length;d++){a=(z(d,b.b.length),b.b[d]);if(!c&&(c=(e=I(a.b,"associatedMedia")?K(a.b,"associatedMedia"):null,!e&&(e=I(a.b,"encoding")?K(a.b,"encoding"):null),e&&e.d==(Jo(),Ko)?e:null)))continue;var m=f=void 0,m=I(a.c,"image")?K(a.c,"image"):"";m.length?(f=new Hm,f.e=m,a=f):a=null;a&&(g.b[g.b.length]=a)}d=this.a;b=new Q;for(a=0;a<d.c.b.length;a++)e=N(d.c,a),e.d==(Jo(),Ko)&&P(b,e);d=!1;
for(e=0;e<b.b.length;e++)f=(z(e,b.b.length),b.b[e]),a=(l=new Hm,l.e=I(f.c,"contentUrl")?K(f.c,"contentUrl"):"",!l.e.length&&(l.e=I(f.c,"url")?K(f.c,"url"):""),l.d=I(f.c,"encodingFormat")?K(f.c,"encodingFormat"):"",l.a=I(f.c,"caption")?K(f.c,"caption"):"",l.f=rm(I(f.c,"width")?K(f.c,"width"):""),l.b=rm(I(f.c,"height")?K(f.c,"height"):""),l),f==c||!d&&H(I(f.c,"representativeOfPage")?K(f.c,"representativeOfPage"):"","true")?(d=!0,Qc(0,g.b.length),g.b.splice(0,0,a)):g.b[g.b.length]=a;return Qh(g,G(Im,
ea,27,g.b.length,0))};_.tb=function(){var a,b;!this.a&&(this.a=new lp(this.b,this.c));b="";a=Po(this.a);0!=a.b.length&&(a=(z(0,a.b.length),a.b[0]),b=pp(a,"publisher"),!b.length&&(b=pp(a,"copyrightHolder")));return b};
_.ub=function(){var a,b,c;!this.a&&(this.a=new lp(this.b,this.c));c="";var d=Po(this.a),d=new Rh(d),e=new sp;a=Je(d.b,d.b.length);b=a.length;var f,g;!e&&(e=(Th(),Th(),Uh));f=b-0;g=D(v(Yb,1),ea,1,3,[mf(0),mf(b)]);if(!(0<=f))throw new af(Rc("%s \x3e %s",g));g=Ke(a,f);var l=Nf(a.length-0,f),m=f=0,q,x,O,jb,za;if(null==a)throw new $f("src");if(null==g)throw new $f("dest");jb=Fa(a);x=Fa(g);Kc(0!=(jb.f&4),"srcType is not an array");Kc(0!=(x.f&4),"destType is not an array");O=jb.c;q=x.c;Kc(0!=(O.f&1)?O==
q:0==(q.f&1),"Array types don't match");za=a.length;q=g.length;if(0>f||0>m||0>l||f+l>za||m+l>q)throw new Re;if(0!=(O.f&1)&&0==(O.f&4)||jb==x)0<l&&Oe(a,f,g,m,l,!0);else if(s(a)===s(g)&&f<m)for(f+=l,l=m+l;l-- >m;)g[l]=a[--f];else for(l=m+l;m<l;)g[m++]=a[f++];Sh(g,a,0,b,-0,e);e=d.b.length;for(b=0;b<e;b++)Ph(d,b,a[b]);for(a=0;a<d.b.length&&!c.length;a++)b=(z(a,d.b.length),d.b[a]),c=I(b.c,"headline")?K(b.c,"headline"):"",!c.length&&(c=I(b.c,"name")?K(b.c,"name"):"");return c};
_.vb=function(){!this.a&&(this.a=new lp(this.b,this.c));return 0==Po(this.a).b.length?"":"Article"};_.wb=function(){var a;!this.a&&(this.a=new lp(this.b,this.c));a=Po(this.a);return 0==a.b.length?"":np((z(0,a.b.length),a.b[0]),"url")};_.xb=function(){return!1};t(118);function sp(){}n(119,1,{},sp);_.Z=function(a,b){var c,d;c=tm(a.a);d=tm(b.a);return c>d?-1:c<d?1:0};t(119);function T(){T=k;Dk=new Jk}function Pl(a){T();return/\d/.test(a)}function xo(a){T();return/^\d+$/.test(a)}
function tp(a){T();return!/\S/.test(a)}function zm(a,b){T();return a.join(b)}function Ek(a){T();return a.trim()}function Un(a){T();return a.length&&xo(a)?rm(a):-1}var Dk;function Lk(){}n(106,1,{},Lk);_.Bb=function(a){return(a=a.match(/(\S*[\w\u00C0-\u1FFF]\S*)/g))?a.length:0};t(106);function Jk(){}n(76,1,{},Jk);_.Bb=function(a){var b=a.match(/(\S*[\w\u00C0-\u1FFF\uAC00-\uD7AF]\S*)/g),c=b?b.length:0,b=a.match(/([\u3040-\uA4CF])/g);return c+=Math.ceil(0.55*(b?b.length:0))};t(76);function Kk(){}
n(105,1,{},Kk);_.Bb=function(a){return(a=a.match(/(\S*[\w\u00C0-\u1FFF\uAC00-\uD7AF]\S*)/g))?a.length:0};t(105);
function up(){up=k;vp=new mj;L(vp,"COLGROUP",(Te(),Ue));L(vp,"COL",Ue);L(vp,"TH",We);wp=new mj;L(wp,"EMBED",Ue);L(wp,"OBJECT",Ue);L(wp,"APPLET",Ue);L(wp,"IFRAME",Ue);xp=new zj;R(xp,"grid");R(xp,"treegrid");yp=new zj;R(yp,"gridcell");R(yp,"columnheader");R(yp,"row");R(yp,"rowgroup");R(yp,"rowheader");zp=new zj;R(zp,"application");R(zp,"banner");R(zp,"complementary");R(zp,"contentinfo");R(zp,"form");R(zp,"main");R(zp,"navigation");R(zp,"search")}
function Ap(a,b){var c,d,e;for(d=new M(a);d.b<d.d.J();)if(c=(y(d.b<d.d.J()),d.d.T(d.c=d.b++)),e=c.tagName,null==e?ah(b.a,null):void 0!==b.c.eb(e))return!(null==e?Yg(ah(b.a,null)):b.c.eb(e)).a||Bp(c);return!1}function Bp(a){a=a.innerText;return!!a.length&&!tp(a)}function Y(a,b,c){2<=Mk&&V(a+b+" -\x3e "+c);return c}
function Cp(a){up();var b,c,d,e,f,g,l,m;Dp();for(f=B(a);f;){if(H("INPUT",f.tagName)||H(A(f,"contenteditable"),"true"))return Y(Ep,"",(Z(),Fp));f=B(f)}f=A(a,"role").toLowerCase();if("presentation"===f)return Y(Gp,"_"+f,(Z(),Fp));if(S(xp,f)||S(zp,f))return Y(Gp,"_"+f,(Z(),Hp));f=new Q;g=a.getElementsByTagName("*");if(0<a.getElementsByTagName("TABLE").length)for(e=0;e<g.length;e++)for(c=g[e],d=B(c);d;){if(H("TABLE",d.tagName)){d==a&&(f.b[f.b.length]=c);break}d=B(d)}else for(e=0;e<g.length;e++)P(f,g[e]);
for(g=new M(f);g.b<g.d.J();)if(b=(y(g.b<g.d.J()),g.d.T(g.c=g.b++)),c=A(b,"role").toLowerCase(),S(yp,c)||S(zp,c))return Y(Ip,"_"+c,(Z(),Hp));if("0"===A(a,"datatable"))return Y(Jp,"",(Z(),Fp));if(0<a.getElementsByTagName("TABLE").length)return Y(Kp,"",(Z(),Fp));g=a.rows;if(1>=g.length)return Y(Lp,"",(Z(),Fp));c=null;for(d=b=0;d<g.length;d++)e=g[d].cells,e.length>b&&(b=e.length,c=e);d=c;if(!d||1>=d.length)return Y(Mp,"",(Z(),Fp));if((c=a.caption)&&Bp(c)||a.tHead||a.tFoot||Ap(f,vp))return Y(Np,"",(Z(),
Hp));c=new Q;for(e=new M(f);e.b<e.d.J();)b=(y(e.b<e.d.J()),e.d.T(e.c=e.b++)),H("TD",b.tagName)&&(c.b[c.b.length]=b);for(e=new M(c);e.b<e.d.J();){b=(y(e.b<e.d.J()),e.d.T(e.c=e.b++));if(b.hasAttribute("abbr")||b.hasAttribute("headers")||b.hasAttribute("scope"))return Y(Op,"",(Z(),Hp));b=b.getElementsByTagName("*");if(1==b.length&&H("ABBR",b[0].tagName))return Y(Pp,"",(Z(),Hp))}e=a.ownerDocument.documentElement;b=(e.offsetWidth||0)|0;if(0<b&&((a.offsetWidth||0)|0)>0.95*b){m=!1;b=e.getElementsByTagName("META");
for(l=0;l<b.length&&!m;l++)m=b[l],m=H(m.name,"viewport");if(!m)return Y(Qp,"",(Z(),Fp))}if(a.hasAttribute("summary"))return Y(Rp,"",(Z(),Hp));if(5<=d.length)return Y(Sp,"",(Z(),Hp));for(d=new M(c);d.b<d.d.J();)if(b=(y(d.b<d.d.J()),d.d.T(d.c=d.b++)),b=getComputedStyle(b,null).borderStyle,b.length&&"none"!==b&&"hidden"!==b)return Y(Tp,"_"+b,(Z(),Hp));l=null;for(b=0;b<g.length;b++)if(d=getComputedStyle(g[b],null).backgroundColor,null==l)l=d;else if(!H(l,d))return Y(Up,"",(Z(),Hp));if(20<=g.length)return Y(Vp,
"",(Z(),Hp));if(10>=c.b.length)return Y(Wp,"",(Z(),Fp));if(Ap(f,wp))return Y(Xp,"",(Z(),Fp));f=(e.offsetHeight||0)|0;return 0<f&&((a.offsetHeight||0)|0)>0.9*f?Y(Yp,"",(Z(),Fp)):Y(Zp,"",(Z(),Hp))}var zp,yp,xp,vp,wp;
function Dp(){Dp=k;Ep=new $("INSIDE_EDITABLE_AREA",0);Gp=new $("ROLE_TABLE",1);Ip=new $("ROLE_DESCENDANT",2);Jp=new $("DATATABLE_0",3);Np=new $("CAPTION_THEAD_TFOOT_COLGROUP_COL_TH",4);Op=new $("ABBR_HEADERS_SCOPE",5);Pp=new $("ONLY_HAS_ABBR",6);Qp=new $("MORE_95_PERCENT_DOC_WIDTH",7);Rp=new $("SUMMARY",8);Kp=new $("NESTED_TABLE",9);Lp=new $("LESS_EQ_1_ROW",10);Mp=new $("LESS_EQ_1_COL",11);Sp=new $("MORE_EQ_5_COLS",12);Tp=new $("CELLS_HAVE_BORDER",13);Up=new $("DIFFERENTLY_COLORED_ROWS",14);Vp=new $("MORE_EQ_20_ROWS",
15);Wp=new $("LESS_EQ_10_CELLS",16);Xp=new $("EMBED_OBJECT_APPLET_IFRAME",17);Yp=new $("MORE_90_PERCENT_DOC_HEIGHT",18);Zp=new $("DEFAULT",19);$p=new $("UNKNOWN",20)}function $(a,b){C.call(this,a,b)}n(16,8,{3:1,11:1,8:1,16:1},$);var Op,Np,Tp,Jp,Zp,Up,Xp,Ep,Wp,Mp,Lp,Yp,Qp,Vp,Sp,Kp,Pp,Ip,Gp,Rp,$p,aq=u(16,function(){Dp();return D(v(aq,1),ha,16,0,[Ep,Gp,Ip,Jp,Np,Op,Pp,Qp,Rp,Kp,Lp,Mp,Sp,Tp,Up,Vp,Wp,Xp,Yp,Zp,$p])});function Z(){Z=k;Hp=new bq("DATA",0);Fp=new bq("LAYOUT",1)}
function bq(a,b){C.call(this,a,b)}n(55,8,{3:1,11:1,8:1,55:1},bq);var Hp,Fp,cq=u(55,function(){Z();return D(v(cq,1),ha,55,0,[Hp,Fp])});function dq(a,b){var c;c=eq(b);a.appendChild(c);return c}function eq(a){var b;b=a.cloneNode(!1);1==a.nodeType&&(a=getComputedStyle(a,null).direction,!a.length&&(a="auto"),b.setAttribute("dir",a));return b}function fq(a,b){var c;c=a.parentNode;c||(c=eq(b),c.appendChild(a));return c}function gq(a){return pl(N(a.j,N(a.i,0).a))}function hq(a,b){return S(a.b,b)}
function Uk(a,b){a.g+="\n";a.g+=b.g;a.d+=b.d;a.e+=b.e;a.c=0==a.d?0:a.e/a.d;a.a|=b.a;Mh(a.i,b.i);a.b.G(b.b);a.f=Nf(a.f,b.f)}function al(a,b){if(b==a.a)return!1;a.a=b;return!0}function iq(a){var b;b="["+(N(a.j,N(a.i,0).a).j+"-"+N(a.j,N(a.i,a.i.b.length-1).a).j+";");b+="tl\x3d"+a.f+";";b+="nw\x3d"+a.d+";";b+="ld\x3d"+a.c+";";b=b+"]\t"+((a.a?"\u001b[0;32mCONTENT":"\u001b[0;35mboilerplate")+"\u001b[0m,");b+="\u001b[1;30m"+Ug(new Ak(a.b))+"\u001b[0m";return b+="\n"+a.g}
function Tk(a,b){var c,d;this.j=a;this.i=new Q;P(this.i,mf(b));c=N(this.j,b);this.b=(d=c.e,c.e=new zj,d);this.d=c.i;this.e=c.g;this.f=c.n;this.g=c.o;this.c=0==this.d?0:this.e/this.d}n(70,1,{},Tk);_.tS=function(){return iq(this)};_.a=!1;_.c=0;_.d=0;_.e=0;_.f=0;t(70);function Vk(a){this.a=a}n(79,1,{},Vk);t(79);function jq(){jq=k;kq=new zj;R(kq,"IMG")}function lq(){jq()}n(131,1,{},lq);
_.Cb=function(a){var b,c,d;S(kq,a.tagName)?(c="",d=(a.offsetWidth||0)|0,b=(a.offsetHeight||0)|0,"IMG"===a.tagName&&(c=a.src,d=a.width,b=a.height),a=new mq(a,d,b,c)):a=null;return a};_.Db=function(){return kq};var kq;t(131);function nq(){nq=k;oq=new zj;R(oq,"BLOCKQUOTE");R(oq,"IFRAME")}
function pq(a){var b;if(-1==(a.className||"").indexOf("twitter-tweet"))return null;b=a.getElementsByTagName("a");if(0==b.length)return null;b=b[b.length-1];if(!vm(b.href,"twitter.com"))return null;a:{var c;c=Lg(ad(b,"pathname"),"/");for(b=c.length-1;0<=b;b--)if(0<c[b].length){b=c[b];break a}b=null}return null==b?null:new qq(a,"twitter",b,null)}
function rq(a){var b;if("IFRAME"!==a.tagName||a.src.length)return null;b=a.contentWindow.document;if(!b)return null;b=b.getElementsByTagName("blockquote");if(1>b.length)return null;b=A(b[0],"data-tweet-id");return b.length?new qq(a,"twitter",b,null):null}function sq(){nq()}n(132,1,{},sq);_.Cb=function(a){var b;a&&S(oq,a.tagName)?(b=null,"BLOCKQUOTE"===a.tagName?b=pq(a):"IFRAME"===a.tagName&&(b=rq(a)),b&&2<=Mk&&(V("Twitter embed extracted:"),V("    ID: "+b.b)),a=b):a=null;return a};_.Db=function(){return oq};
var oq;t(132);function tq(){tq=k;uq=new zj;R(uq,"IFRAME")}function vq(a){var b,c;if(!a||!S(uq,a.tagName))return null;c=a.src;if(!vm(c,"player.vimeo.com"))return null;b=$doc.createElement("a");b.href=c;c=ad(b,"pathname");b=Am(Ng(ad(b,"search"),1));a:{var d;d=Lg(c,"/");for(c=d.length-1;0<=c&&"video"!==d[c];c--)if(0<d[c].length){c=d[c];break a}c=null}if(null==c)return null;2<=Mk&&(V("Vimeo embed extracted:"),V("    ID:    "+c));return new qq(a,"vimeo",c,b)}function wq(){tq()}n(133,1,{},wq);_.Cb=function(a){return vq(a)};
_.Db=function(){return uq};var uq;t(133);function xq(){xq=k;yq=new zj;R(yq,"IFRAME")}function zq(a){var b,c;if(!a||!S(yq,a.tagName))return null;c=a.src;if(!vm(c,"youtube.com"))return null;b=$doc.createElement("a");b.href=c;c=ad(b,"pathname");b=Am(Ng(ad(b,"search"),1));a:{var d;d=Lg(c,"/");for(c=d.length-1;0<=c&&"embed"!==d[c];c--)if(0<d[c].length){c=d[c];break a}c=null}if(null==c)return null;2<=Mk&&(V("YouTube embed extracted:"),V("    ID:    "+c));return new qq(a,"youtube",c,b)}
function Aq(){xq()}n(134,1,{},Aq);_.Cb=function(a){return zq(a)};_.Db=function(){return yq};var yq;t(134);function Wk(a,b,c){if(!(1>Mk))if(b){V("\u001b[0;34m\x3c\x3c\x3c\x3c\x3c "+c+" \x3e\x3e\x3e\x3e\x3e");if(!(1>Mk)){b="";for(c=new M(a.a);c.b<c.d.J();)a=(y(c.b<c.d.J()),c.d.T(c.c=c.b++)),b+=iq(a)+"\n";V(b)}V("\u001b[0;34m\x3c\x3c\x3c\x3c\x3c                \x3e\x3e\x3e\x3e\x3e")}else V("\u001b[0;31m~~~~~ No Changes: "+c+" ~~~~~")}
function Xk(){Xk=k;Yk=RegExp("(^(comments|\u00a9 reuters|please rate this|post a comment|\\d+\\s+(comments|users responded in))|what you think\\.\\.\\.|add your comment|add comment|reader views|have your say|reader comments|r\u00e4tta artikeln|^thanks for your comments - this feedback is now closed$)","i")}var Yk;function hl(){hl=k;il=new Bq(!1);ll=new Bq(!0)}
function gl(a,b){var c,d,e,f,g;c=b.a;if(2>c.b.length)return!1;d=!1;g=(z(0,c.b.length),c.b[0]);for(f=new oh(c,1);f.b<f.d.J();)c=(y(f.b<f.d.J()),f.d.T(f.c=f.b++)),c.a&&g.a?(e=N(c.j,N(c.i,0).a).j-N(g.j,N(g.i,g.i.b.length-1).a).j-1,1>=e?(e=!0,a.a?g.f!=c.f&&(e=!1):S(c.b,"BOILERPLATE_HEADING_FUSED")&&(e=!1),S(g.b,"STRICTLY_NOT_CONTENT")!=S(c.b,"STRICTLY_NOT_CONTENT")&&(e=!1),S(g.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")!=S(c.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")&&(e=!1),!g.a&&S(g.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/LI")&&!S(c.b,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/LI")&&
(e=!1),e?(Uk(g,c),nh(f),d=!0):g=c):g=c):g=c;return d}function Bq(a){this.a=a}n(84,1,{},Bq);_.tS=function(){return db(Cq),Cq.n+": postFiltering\x3d"+this.a};_.a=!1;var ll,il,Cq=t(84);function Dq(){Dq=k;$k=RegExp("[\\?\\!\\.\\-\\:]+","g")}function Eq(a,b,c){var d,e;e=Lg(b,c);if(1!=e.length)for(b=0;b<e.length;b++)d=e[b],-1==d.indexOf(".com")&&(c=(T(),Dk.Bb(d)),4<=c&&R(a,d))}
function Fq(a,b){var c,d,e,f,g,l;l=Lg(a,b);if(1==l.length)return null;d=0;e="";for(c=0;c<l.length;c++)if(g=l[c],-1==g.indexOf(".com")&&(f=(T(),Dk.Bb(g)),f>d||g.length>e.length))d=f,e=g;return 0==e.length?null:Pg(e)}
function Zk(a){Dq();var b;if(a)for(this.a=new zj,a=Ih(a,0);a.b!=a.d.c;){b=(y(a.b!=a.d.c),a.c=a.b,a.b=a.b.a,++a.a,a.c.c);var c=void 0;b=jg(b);b=Ig(b,"'");b=Pg(b).toLowerCase();0!=b.length&&R(this.a,b)&&(c=Fq(b,"[ ]*[\\|\u00bb|-][ ]*"),null!=c&&R(this.a,c),c=Fq(b,"[ ]*[\\|\u00bb|:][ ]*"),null!=c&&R(this.a,c),c=Fq(b,"[ ]*[\\|\u00bb|:\\(\\)][ ]*"),null!=c&&R(this.a,c),c=Fq(b,"[ ]*[\\|\u00bb|:\\(\\)\\-][ ]*"),null!=c&&R(this.a,c),c=Fq(b,"[ ]*[\\|\u00bb|,|:\\(\\)\\-][ ]*"),null!=c&&R(this.a,c),c=Fq(b,"[ ]*[\\|\u00bb|,|:\\(\\)\\-\u00a0][ ]*"),
null!=c&&R(this.a,c),Eq(this.a,b,"[ ]+[\\|][ ]+"),Eq(this.a,b,"[ ]+[\\-][ ]+"),R(this.a,Kg(b," - [^\\-]+$")),R(this.a,Kg(b,"^[^\\-]+ - ")))}else this.a=null}n(135,1,{},Zk);var $k;t(135);function ml(){ml=k;nl=new Gq(!0)}function Gq(a){this.a=a}n(86,1,{},Gq);_.a=!1;var nl;t(86);function Hq(a,b,c){b=N(a.d,b);c=N(a.d,c);return a.c||(b.nodeType!=c.nodeType?0:1!=b.nodeType||b.nodeName===c.nodeName)?b.parentNode==c.parentNode:!1}
function el(a,b){var c,d,e,f,g,l,m,q,x,O;a.g=b.a;if(2>a.g.b.length)return!1;d=a.g;e=$doc.documentElement;l=new Q;for(f=0;f<d.b.length;++f){g=f+1==d.b.length?e:gq((z(f+1,d.b.length),d.b[f+1]));0==f?m=e:(m=(z(f-1,d.b.length),d.b[f-1]),m=ol(N(m.j,N(m.i,m.i.b.length-1).a)));x=m;m=gq((z(f,d.b.length),d.b[f]));for(q=m.parentNode;!q.contains(x)&&!q.contains(g);)m=q,q=q.parentNode;l.b[l.b.length]=m}a.d=l;l=G(Iq,{3:1},0,a.g.b.length,7);q=m=0;d=G(Iq,{3:1},0,a.g.b.length,7);f=e=0;g=!1;for(x=0;x<a.g.b.length;x++)if(!a.b&&
hq(N(a.g,x),"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")||!a.a&&hq(N(a.g,x),"de.l3s.boilerpipe/HEADING"))m=q,e=f;else if(N(a.g,x).a&&!hq(N(a.g,x),"STRICTLY_NOT_CONTENT")&&!hq(N(a.g,x),"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE"))for(l[q++]=x,O=e;O<f;O++)c=d[O],x-c>a.e?O==e&&++e:Hq(a,x,c)&&(g=!0,al(N(a.g,c),!0),d[O]=d[e++]);else if(N(a.g,x).c<=a.f&&!N(a.g,x).a&&!hq(N(a.g,x),"STRICTLY_NOT_CONTENT")&&!hq(N(a.g,x),"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")){for(O=m;O<q;O++)if(c=l[O],x-c>a.e)O==m&&++m;else if(Hq(a,x,c)){g=!0;al(N(a.g,x),!0);l[O]=l[m++];
break}O==q?d[f++]=x:l[q++]=x}return g}function Jq(a,b,c,d,e){this.b=a;this.a=b;this.c=c;this.f=d;this.e=e}n(137,1,{},Jq);_.a=!1;_.b=!1;_.c=!1;_.e=0;_.f=0;t(137);function dl(){var a=new Kq;a.a=!0;return a}function fl(a){return new Jq(a.b,a.a,a.c,a.e,a.d)}function Kq(){this.c=this.a=this.b=!1;this.d=this.e=0}n(83,1,{},Kq);_.a=!1;_.b=!1;_.c=!1;_.d=0;_.e=0;t(83);function jl(){jl=k;kl=new Lq("de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE")}function Lq(a){this.a=a}n(85,1,{},Lq);var kl;t(85);
function bl(){bl=k;cl=new Mq(D(v(p,1),h,2,4,["STRICTLY_NOT_CONTENT"]))}function Mq(a){this.a=a}n(136,1,{},Mq);var cl;t(136);
function ir(a,b){var c,d;c=fm(b);2>Mk||(d=getComputedStyle(b,null),V((c?"KEEP ":"SKIP ")+b.tagName+": id\x3d"+b.id+", dsp\x3d"+d.display+", vis\x3d"+d.visibility+", opaq\x3d"+d.opacity));if(!c)return R(a.d,b),!1;if(S(a.b,b.tagName))for(d=new M(a.c);d.b<d.d.J();)if(c=(y(d.b<d.d.J()),d.d.T(d.c=d.b++)),c=c.Cb(b))return d=a.a,Sk(d,d.d),P(d.b.a,c),!1;pr(b.tagName)&&(c=a.a,d=new qr(b.tagName,(ul(),vl)),Sk(c,c.d),P(c.b.a,d));switch(b.tagName){case "BR":return c=a.a,c.c&&(Sk(c,c.d),++c.d,c.c=!1),c=c.g,c.j+=
"\n",P(c.a,b),!1;case "TABLE":c=Cp(b);2>Mk||(d=B(b),V("TABLE: "+c+", id\x3d"+b.id+", class\x3d"+(b.className||"")+", parent\x3d["+d.tagName+", id\x3d"+d.id+", class\x3d"+(d.className||"")+"]"));if(c==(Z(),Hp))return c=a.a,Sk(c,c.d),P(c.b.a,new rr(b)),!1;break;case "VIDEO":return c=a.a,d=new wr(b),Sk(c,c.d),P(c.b.a,d),!1;case "OPTION":case "OBJECT":case "EMBED":case "APPLET":return a.a.c=!0,!1;case "HEAD":case "STYLE":case "SCRIPT":case "LINK":case "NOSCRIPT":return!1}c=a.a;xr();var e,f,g,l;e=getComputedStyle(b,
null);d=new yr;l=b.tagName;switch(e.display){case "inline":break;case "inline-block":case "inline-flex":d.a=!0;break;case "block":if("none"!==e["float"]&&"SPAN"===l)break;default:d.b=!0,d.a=!0}if("HTML"!==l&&"BODY"!==l)switch(f=A(b,"class"),e=b.classList.length,g=A(b,"id"),(zr.test(f)||zr.test(g))&&5>=e&&(e=d.d,e[e.length]="STRICTLY_NOT_CONTENT"),l){case "ASIDE":case "NAV":l=d.d;l[l.length]="STRICTLY_NOT_CONTENT";break;case "LI":l=d.d;l[l.length]="de.l3s.boilerpipe/LI";break;case "H1":l=d.d;l[l.length]=
"de.l3s.boilerpipe/H1";l=d.d;l[l.length]="de.l3s.boilerpipe/HEADING";break;case "H2":l=d.d;l[l.length]="de.l3s.boilerpipe/H2";l=d.d;l[l.length]="de.l3s.boilerpipe/HEADING";break;case "H3":l=d.d;l[l.length]="de.l3s.boilerpipe/H3";l=d.d;l[l.length]="de.l3s.boilerpipe/HEADING";break;case "A":d.a=!0,b.hasAttribute("href")&&(d.c=!0)}P(c.a.a,d);d.a&&++c.f;d.c&&(l=c.g,l.e=!0,l.j+=" ");c.c|=d.b;return!0}
function Ok(a){var b;this.d=new zj;this.a=a;this.c=new Q;P(this.c,new lq);P(this.c,new sq);P(this.c,new wq);P(this.c,new Aq);this.b=new zj;for(b=new M(this.c);b.b<b.d.J();)a=(y(b.b<b.d.J()),b.d.T(b.c=b.b++)),Tg(this.b,a.Db())}n(122,1,{},Ok);
_.mb=function(a){if(1==a.nodeType&&pr(a.tagName)){var b=this.a;a=new qr(a.tagName,(ul(),Ar));Sk(b,b.d);P(b.b.a,a)}b=this.a;a=b.a;var c;c=a.a.b.length;if(0<c)a=(fk(c-1,a.a.b.length),N(a.a,c-1));else throw new Xh;a.a&&--b.f;if(b.c||a.b)Sk(b,b.d),++b.d;a.c&&(a=b.g,a.e=!1,a.j+=" ");gk(b.a)};
_.nb=function(a){switch(a.nodeType){case 3:var b=this.a;b.c&&(Sk(b,b.d),++b.d,b.c=!1);var c=b.g,b=b.f,d;d=a.data;d.length&&(c.j+=d,P(c.a,a),tp(d)||(a=(T(),Dk.Bb(d)),c.i+=a,c.e&&(c.g+=a),c.f=c.a.b.length-1,c.d<c.c&&(c.d=c.f),-1==c.b&&(c.b=b)));return!1;case 1:return ir(this,a);default:return!1}};t(122);function xr(){xr=k;zr=/\bcomments?\b/}function yr(){this.d=[]}n(178,1,{},yr);_.a=!1;_.b=!1;_.c=!1;var zr;t(178);function Br(){this.a=new Q}n(115,1,{},Br);t(115);
function Sk(a,b){var c;c=a.g;var d=a.e;c.c==c.a.b.length?c=null:c.d<c.c?(Cr(c),c=null):(d=new Dr(c.j,c.a,c.c,c.a.b.length,c.d,c.f,c.i,c.g,c.b,d),Cr(c),c=d);if(c){c.d=b;++a.e;var e,f;for(e=new M(a.a.a);e.b<e.d.J();)for(d=(y(e.b<e.d.J()),e.d.T(e.c=e.b++)),f=0;f<d.d.length;f++)R(c.e,d.d[f]);P(a.b.a,c)}}function Nk(){this.b=new Br;this.a=new hk;this.g=new Er;this.d=0}n(121,1,{},Nk);_.c=!1;_.d=0;_.e=0;_.f=0;t(121);n(214,1,{});_.p=!1;t(214);
function qq(a,b,c,d){this.a=new Q;this.b=c;P(this.a,a);this.c=b;!d&&new mj}n(56,214,{},qq);_.Eb=function(a){var b;if(a)return"";a=$doc.createElement("div");b=$doc.createElement("div");b.className="embed-placeholder";b.setAttribute("data-type",this.c);b.setAttribute("data-id",this.b);a.appendChild(b);return a.innerHTML};t(56);function mq(a,b,c,d){this.b=a;this.d=b;this.a=c;this.c=d;null==this.c&&(this.c="")}n(49,214,{49:1},mq);
_.Eb=function(a){var b;if(a)return"";b=this.b.cloneNode(!1);b.src=b.src;0<this.d&&0<this.a&&(b.width=this.d,b.height=this.a);ym(b);Cm(b);a=$doc.createElement("div");a.appendChild(b);return a.innerHTML};_.a=0;_.d=0;t(49);function rr(a){this.a=a}n(181,214,{},rr);
_.Eb=function(a){var b=this.a,c;b=(c=new Q,Qk(new Rk(new Dm(c)),b),c);if(0==b.b.length)a="";else{c=new Om(b);var d=(z(0,b.b.length),b.b[0]),e;for(e=d.parentNode;e&&9!=e.nodeType;d=e,e=e.parentNode);Qk(new Rk(c),d);c=c.c;for(b=(z(0,b.b.length),b.b[0]);1==c.a.b&&c.b!=b&&3!=Hh(c.a,0).b.nodeType;)c=Hh(c.a,0);b=Tm(c);if(1!=b.nodeType)a="";else{Bm(b,"ID",D(v(p,1),h,2,4,["*"]));wm(b);Bm(b,"COLOR",D(v(p,1),h,2,4,["FONT"]));Bm(b,"BGCOLOR",D(v(p,1),h,2,4,["TABLE","TR","TD","TH"]));Bm(b,"STYLE",D(v(p,1),h,2,
4,["*"]));1==b.nodeType&&"IMG"===b.tagName&&Cm(b);d=b.querySelectorAll("IMG");for(c=0;c<d.length;c++)Cm(d[c]);a?($doc.body.appendChild(b),a=b.innerText,$doc.body.removeChild(b)):a=b.outerHTML}}return a};t(181);function Fr(){Fr=k;Gr=new zj;R(Gr,"UL");R(Gr,"OL");R(Gr,"LI");R(Gr,"BLOCKQUOTE");R(Gr,"PRE")}function qr(a,b){Fr();this.a=a;this.b=b}function pr(a){Fr();return S(Gr,a)}n(50,214,{50:1},qr);_.Eb=function(a){return a?"":"\x3c"+(this.b==(ul(),vl)?"":"/")+this.a+"\x3e"};var Gr;t(50);
function ul(){ul=k;vl=new Hr("START",0);Ar=new Hr("END",1)}function Hr(a,b){C.call(this,a,b)}n(51,8,{3:1,11:1,8:1,51:1},Hr);var Ar,vl,Ir=u(51,function(){ul();return D(v(Ir,1),ha,51,0,[vl,Ar])});function pl(a){return N(a.a,a.c)}function ol(a){return N(a.a,a.f)}function Dr(a,b,c,d,e,f,g,l,m,q){this.o=a;this.a=b;this.k=c;this.b=d;this.c=e;this.f=f;this.i=g;this.g=l;this.e=new zj;this.n=m;this.j=q}n(34,214,{34:1},Dr);
_.Eb=function(a){var b,c;if(S(this.e,"de.l3s.boilerpipe/TITLE"))return"";var d=new qh(this.a,this.k,this.b),e;if(1==d.b)b=Sm(new Qm((z(0,d.b),N(d.c,d.a))));else{c=(z(0,d.b),N(d.c,d.a));b=c.cloneNode(!1);for(d=new Pm(d);d.a;)if(Rm(d,c)){if(!d.a)break;for(;;){for(e=c.nextSibling;e&&!e.contains(d.a);)e=e.nextSibling;if(e){b=fq(b,c.parentNode);b=dq(b,e);c=e;break}c=c.parentNode;b=fq(b,c)}}else{for(c=c.firstChild;!c.contains(d.a);)c=c.nextSibling;b=dq(b,c)}for(;b.parentNode;)b=b.parentNode}1!=b.nodeType&&
(c=B(ph(new qh(this.a,this.k,this.b),0)).cloneNode(!1),c.appendChild(b),b=c);wm(b);Bm(b,"ID",D(v(p,1),h,2,4,["*"]));Bm(b,"COLOR",D(v(p,1),h,2,4,["FONT"]));Bm(b,"STYLE",D(v(p,1),h,2,4,["*"]));return a?b.textContent:pr(b.tagName)?b.innerHTML:b.outerHTML};_.b=0;_.c=0;_.d=0;_.f=0;_.g=0;_.i=0;_.j=0;_.k=0;_.n=0;t(34);function Cr(a){a.j="";a.i=0;a.g=0;a.c=a.a.b.length;a.b=-1}function Er(){this.a=new Q}n(154,1,{},Er);_.b=-1;_.c=0;_.d=-1;_.e=!1;_.f=0;_.g=0;_.i=0;_.j="";t(154);function wr(a){this.a=a}
n(177,214,{},wr);_.Eb=function(a){var b,c,d;if(a)return"";a=$doc.createElement("div");d=this.a.cloneNode(!1);for(c=0;c<this.a.childNodes.length;c++)b=this.a.childNodes[c],1!=b.nodeType||"SOURCE"!==b.tagName&&"TRACK"!==b.tagName||(b=b.cloneNode(!1),d.appendChild(b));d.poster.length&&(d.poster=d.poster);xm(d);Bm(d,"ID",D(v(p,1),h,2,4,["*"]));a.appendChild(d);return a.innerHTML};t(177);n(216,1,{});_.Gb=function(a){var b;b=0;a&&(b=this.Fb(a));2<=Mk&&V(fb(this.cZ)+": "+b+"/"+this.Hb());return Nf(b,this.Hb())};
t(216);function ql(){this.b=25;this.c=75E3;this.a=2E5}n(155,216,{},ql);_.Fb=function(a){a=((a.offsetWidth||0)|0)*((a.offsetHeight||0)|0);if(a<this.c)return 0;a=cb((a-this.c)/(this.a-this.c)*this.b);return Nf(a,this.b)};_.Hb=function(){return this.b};_.a=0;_.b=0;_.c=0;t(155);function rl(){this.a=25}n(156,216,{},rl);
_.Fb=function(a){var b,c;b=(a.offsetHeight||0)|0;if(0>=b)return 0;c=(a.offsetWidth||0)|0;a=0;b=c/b;1.4500000476837158<b&&1.7999999523162842>b?a=1:1.2999999523162842<b&&2.200000047683716>b&&(a=0.4000000059604645);return cb(this.a*a)};_.Hb=function(){return this.a};_.a=0;t(156);function sl(a){this.b=25;this.a=a}n(157,216,{},sl);
_.Fb=function(a){var b;if(!this.a)return 0;a=um(this.a).b.length-1-(um(Pk(this.a,a)).b.length-1);b=0;4>a?b=1:6>a?b=0.6000000238418579:8>a&&(b=0.20000000298023224);return cb(this.b*b)};_.Hb=function(){return this.b};_.b=0;t(157);function tl(){this.a=15}n(158,216,{},tl);_.Fb=function(a){var b;a=um(a);for(b=new M(a);b.b<b.d.J();)if(a=(y(b.b<b.d.J()),b.d.T(b.c=b.b++)),1==a.nodeType&&"FIGURE"===a.tagName)return this.a;return 0};_.Hb=function(){return this.a};_.a=0;t(158);var Iq,Jr;Jr=ib("I");Jr.k="I";
Jr.f=1;Iq=Jr;t(197);t(199);t(null);t(202);Nj=Xb();_=function(a){var b=this;if("$wnd"==a)return $wnd;if(""===a)return b;"$wnd."==a.substring(0,5)&&(b=$wnd,a=a.substring(5));a=a.split(".");a[0]in b||!b.execScript||b.execScript("var "+a[0]);for(var c;a.length&&(c=a.shift());)b[c]?b=b[c]:b=b[c]={};return b}("org.chromium.distiller.DomDistiller");_.apply=function(){var a;return Ik((a={},a))};_.applyWithOptions=Ik;
function Kr(a){return function(){var b;a:{var c=arguments,d;0!=pc&&(d=Date.now?Date.now():(new Date).getTime(),2E3<d-yc&&(yc=d,xc=$wnd.setTimeout(ec,10)));if(0==pc++){d=(zc(),Ac);var e,f;if(d.a){f=null;do e=d.a,d.a=null,f=Cc(e,f);while(d.a);d.a=f}d=!0}else d=!1;try{b=a.apply(this,c);break a}finally{if(c=d)if(d=(zc(),Ac),d.b){f=null;do e=d.b,d.b=null,f=Cc(e,f);while(d.b);d.b=f}--pc;c&&-1!=xc&&($wnd.clearTimeout(xc),xc=-1)}b=void 0}return b}}
var gwtOnLoad=gwtOnLoad=function(a,b,c){function d(){for(var a=0;a<e.length;a++)e[a]()}null==oa&&(oa=[]);var e=oa;$moduleName=b;$moduleBase=c;if(a)try{Kr(d)()}catch(f){a(b,f)}else Kr(d)()};(function(){null==oa&&(oa=[]);for(var a=oa,b=0;b<arguments.length;b++)a.push(arguments[b])})(function(){$wnd.setTimeout(Kr(Pe));var a,b,c;b=$doc.compatMode;a=D(v(p,1),h,2,4,["CSS1Compat"]);for(c=0;c<a.length&&a[c]!==b;c++);});var Lr=[[["locale","default"],["user.agent","safari"]]];
"object"===typeof window&&"object"===typeof window.$gwt&&(window.$gwt.permProps=Lr);window.gwtOnLoad=gwtOnLoad;gwtOnLoad(undefined, "domdistiller", "", 0);})();
    }
    window.setTimeout = function() {};
    window.clearTimeout = function() {};
    initialize();

    // The OPTIONS placeholder will be replaced with the DomDistillerOptions at
    // runtime.
    var distiller = window.org.chromium.distiller.DomDistiller;
    var res = distiller.applyWithOptions(options);

    if (stringify_output) {
      return JSON.stringify(res);
    }
    return res;
  } catch (e) {
    window.console.error("Error during distillation: " + e);
    if (e.stack != undefined) window.console.error(e.stack);
  }
  return undefined;
})(options = $$OPTIONS,
   stringify_output = $$STRINGIFY)
/* Copyright 2014 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
 * Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
 * found in the LICENSE file. */

/* Set the global 'box-sizing' state to 'border-box'.
 * *::after and *::before used to select pseudo-elements not selectable by *. */

*,
*::after,
*::before {
  box-sizing: border-box;
}

/* Remove all margins and padding from certain element and add word wrap. */

blockquote,
body,
caption,
dd,
dl,
fieldset,
figure,
form,
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6,
hr,
legend,
ol,
p,
pre,
ul,
table,
td,
th {
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0;
  word-wrap: break-word;
}

/* Prevent 'sub' and 'sup' affecting 'line-height'. */

sub,
sup {
  font-size: 75%;
  line-height: 0;
  position: relative;
  vertical-align: baseline;
}

sup {
  top: -0.5em;
}

sub {
  bottom: -0.25em;
}

/* Remove most spacing between table cells. */

table {
  border-collapse: collapse;
  border-spacing: 0;
  display: block;
  overflow-x: auto;
}

td,
th {
  padding: 0.5rem;
}

/* Base typography. */

html {
  font-size: 14px;
}

body {
  min-height: 100vh;
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  line-height: 1.714;
  margin: 0px auto;
  text-rendering: optimizeLegibility;
  transition-property: color, background-color;
  transition-duration: 0.5s;
  transition-timing-function: ease;
  overflow-x: hidden;
  -webkit-overflow-scrolling: touch;
}

/* Classes for light, dark and sepia themes.
 * Must agree with classes returned by useTheme() in dom_distiller_viewer.js
 * and with CSS class constants in viewer.cc */

.light {
  color: #424242;
  background-color: #FAFAFA;
}

.dark {
  color: #E0E0E0;
  background-color: #212121;
}

.sepia {
  color: #000;
  background-color: rgb(203, 173, 141);
}

.light a:link,
.sepia a:link {
  color: #55F;
}

.dark a:link {
  color: #88F;
}

.light a:visited,
.sepia a:visited {
  color: #902290;
}

.dark a:visited {
  color: #D872D8;
}

.light code,
.light pre {
  background-color: #EEE;
  border-color: #AAA;
}

.sepia code,
.sepia pre {
  background-color: rgb(217, 196, 175);
  border-color: rgb(147, 125, 102);
}

.dark code,
.dark pre {
  background-color: #333;
  border-color: #555;
}

.light tbody tr:nth-child(odd) {
  background-color: #EEE;
}

.light th, .light td {
  border-left: 1px solid #AAA;
}

.sepia tbody tr:nth-child(odd) {
  background-color: rgb(217, 196, 175);
}

.sepia th, .sepia td {
  border-left: 1px solid rgb(147, 125, 102);
}

.dark tbody tr:nth-child(odd) {
  background-color: #333;
}

.dark th, .dark td {
  border-left: 1px solid #555;
}

/* #contentWrap is added to be more specific than the color theme rules */
#contentWrap th:first-child { border-left: none; }
#contentWrap td:first-child { border-left: none; }


/* Font settings */

.serif {
  font-family: serif;
}

.sans-serif {
  font-family: 'Roboto', sans-serif;
}

.monospace {
  font-family: monospace;
}

/* Define vertical rhythm (baseline grid of 4px). */

blockquote,
caption,
code,
dd,
dl,
fieldset,
figure,
form,
hr,
legend,
ol,
p,
pre,
q,
table,
td,
th,
ul {
  margin-bottom: 1.143rem;
}

h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6 {
  line-height: 1.417;
  margin: 1em 0;
}

/* Content. */

#loadingIndicator {
  width: 100%;
  padding-bottom: 2em;
}

#loadingIndicator > img, #loadingIndicator > svg {
  display: block;
  height: 2.5em;
  margin: auto;
  width: 2.5em;
}

/* Margins for Show Original link. */

.light #closeReaderView {
  border-top: 1px solid #E0E0E0;
  color: #4285F4;
}

.dark #closeReaderView {
  border-top: 1px solid #555;
  color: #3adaff;
}

.sepia #closeReaderView {
  border-top: 1px solid rgb(147, 125, 102);
  color: #55F;
}

video::-webkit-media-controls-fullscreen-button {
  display: none;
}

#closeReaderView {
  /*
  TODO(mdjones): Remove the "display: none;" style when the Reader Mode bar
                 behaves like the toolbar when scrolling.
  */
  display: none;
  flex: 0 0 auto;
  font-family: 'Roboto', sans-serif;
  font-weight: 700;
  line-height: 14px;
  padding: 24px 16px;
  font-size: 14px;
  text-align: right;
  text-decoration: none;
  text-transform: uppercase;
  width: 100%;
}

@media print {
  #closeReaderView {
    display: none;
  }
  #feedbackContainer {
    display: none;
  }

  /* Remove backgrounds and custom colors. */
  .light, .dark, .sepia {
      color: #000 !important;
      background-color: #fff !important;
      font-family: sans-serif !important;
  }

  /* If the transition duration is unchanged, the above color changes
  happen after the document is ready for print. */
  body {
      transition-duration: unset !important;
  }
}

#content {
  margin: 24px 16px 24px 16px;
}

#mainContent {
  flex: 1 1 auto;
  margin: 0px auto;
  width: 100%;
}

@media screen {
  #mainContent {
    max-width: 35em;
  }
}

#articleHeader {
  margin-top: 24px;
  width: 100%;
}

#titleHolder {
  font-size: 1.714rem;
  line-height: 1.417;
  margin: 0 16px;
}

blockquote {
  border-left: 4px solid #888;
  padding-left: 1em;
}

cite {
  opacity: .8;
  font-style: italic;
}

hr {
  opacity: .5;
  border-style: solid;
  height: 1px 0 0 0;
  width: 75%;
}


q {
  opacity: .8;
  display:block;
  font-style: italic;
  font-weight: 600;
}

embed,
img,
object,
video {
  max-width: 100%;
}

/* TODO(sunangel): make images zoomable. */

img {
  display: block;
  height: auto;
  margin: 0.6rem auto 0.4rem 0;
}

/* TODO(nyquist): set these classes directly in the dom distiller. */

embed+[class*='caption'],
figcaption,
img+[class*='caption'],
object+[class*='caption'],
video+[class*='caption'] {
  opacity: .8;
  display: table;
  margin-bottom: 1rem;
  font-size: 0.857rem;
  line-height: 1.667;
}

ol,
ul {
  margin-left: 1.296rem;
}

code, pre {
  border: 1px solid;
  border-radius: 2px;
}

pre code {
  border: none;
}

pre {
  line-height: 1.642;
  padding: .5em;
  white-space: pre-wrap;
}

body .hidden {
  display: none;
}

/* Footer feedback form. */
#contentWrap {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  flex-grow: 1;
  overflow: auto;
  position: relative;
  z-index: 1;
}

.footerFeedback {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  font-size: 14px;
  z-index: 2;
  background-color: #4285F4;
  color: #fff;
  width: 100%;
}

.feedbackContent {
  font-size: 14px;
  font-family: sans-serif;
  background-color: #4285F4;
  clear: both;
  padding: 14px;
}

#feedbackQuestion {
  font-size: 1.4em;
  font-weight: 700;
  text-align: center;
  width: 100%;
}

.feedbackButtonWrap {
  margin-top: 14px;
  text-align: center;
  width: 100%;
}

.feedbackButton {
  -webkit-user-select: none;
  background-color: #FFFFFF;
  border-radius: 3px;
  color: #4285F4;
  display: inline-block;
  font-weight: 900;
  height: 35px;
  margin: 0px 4% 0px 4%;
  padding-top: 8px;
  text-align: center;
  text-transform: uppercase;
  user-select: none;
  width: 40%;
}

.clear {
  clear: both;
}

/* Feedback fade out */
.fadeOut {
  animation-duration: 0.5s;
  animation-name: fadeOutAndSwipeAnimation;
}

@keyframes fadeOutAndSwipeAnimation {
  from {
    margin-left: 0%;
    opacity: 1;
  }

  to {
    margin-left: -100%;
    opacity: 0;
  }
}

/* Iframe sizing. */
.youtubeContainer {
  height: 0px;
  /* This is the perecnt height of a standard HD video. */
  padding-bottom: 56.25%;
  position: relative;
  width: 100%;
}

.youtubeIframe {
  height: 100%;
  left: 0px;
  position: absolute;
  top: 0px;
  width: 100%;
}

/* Copyright 2015 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
 * Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
 * found in the LICENSE file. */

/* The following are iOS specific rules for rendering on WebKit instead of
 * Blink. */

#mainContent {
  -webkit-flex: 1 1 auto;
}

#closeReaderView {
  -webkit-flex: 0 0 auto;
}

#contentWrap {
  -webkit-flex-flow: column;
  display: -webkit-flex;
}
<svg version="1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
                 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink"
     width="16px" height="16px" viewBox="0 0 28 28">
  <!-- 28= RADIUS*2 + STROKEWIDTH -->

  <title>Material design circular activity spinner with CSS3 animation</title>
  <style type="text/css">
      /**************************/
      /* STYLES FOR THE SPINNER */
      /**************************/

      /*
       * Constants:
       *      RADIUS      = 12.5
       *      STROKEWIDTH = 3
       *      ARCSIZE     = 270 degrees (amount of circle the arc takes up)
       *      ARCTIME     = 1333ms (time it takes to expand and contract arc)
       *      ARCSTARTROT = 216 degrees (how much the start location of the arc
       *                                should rotate each time, 216 gives us a
       *                                5 pointed star shape (it's 360/5 * 2).
       *                                For a 7 pointed star, we might do
       *                                360/7 * 3 = 154.286)
       *
       *      SHRINK_TIME = 400ms
       */

      .qp-circular-loader {
        width:28px;  /* 2*RADIUS + STROKEWIDTH */
        height:28px; /* 2*RADIUS + STROKEWIDTH */
      }
      .qp-circular-loader-path {
        stroke-dasharray: 58.9;  /* 2*RADIUS*PI * ARCSIZE/360 */
        stroke-dashoffset: 58.9; /* 2*RADIUS*PI * ARCSIZE/360 */
                                 /* hides things initially */
      }

      /* SVG elements seem to have a different default origin */
      .qp-circular-loader, .qp-circular-loader * {
        -webkit-transform-origin: 50% 50%;
      }

      /* Rotating the whole thing */
      @-webkit-keyframes rotate {
        from {-webkit-transform: rotate(0deg);}
        to {-webkit-transform: rotate(360deg);}
      }
      .qp-circular-loader {
        -webkit-animation-name: rotate;
        -webkit-animation-duration: 1568.63ms; /* 360 * ARCTIME / (ARCSTARTROT + (360-ARCSIZE)) */
        -webkit-animation-iteration-count: infinite;
        -webkit-animation-timing-function: linear;
      }

      /* Filling and unfilling the arc */
      @-webkit-keyframes fillunfill {
        from {
          stroke-dashoffset: 58.8 /* 2*RADIUS*PI * ARCSIZE/360 - 0.1 */
                                  /* 0.1 a bit of a magic constant here */
        }
        50% {
          stroke-dashoffset: 0;
        }
        to {
          stroke-dashoffset: -58.4 /* -(2*RADIUS*PI * ARCSIZE/360 - 0.5) */
                                   /* 0.5 a bit of a magic constant here */
        }
      }
      @-webkit-keyframes rot {
        from {
          -webkit-transform: rotate(0deg);
        }
        to {
          -webkit-transform: rotate(-360deg);
        }
      }
      @-webkit-keyframes colors {
        from {
          stroke: #4285f4;
        }
        to {
          stroke: #4285f4;
        }
      }
      .qp-circular-loader-path {
        -webkit-animation-name: fillunfill, rot, colors;
        -webkit-animation-duration: 1333ms, 5332ms, 5332ms; /* ARCTIME, 4*ARCTIME, 4*ARCTIME */
        -webkit-animation-iteration-count: infinite, infinite, infinite;
        -webkit-animation-timing-function: cubic-bezier(0.4, 0.0, 0.2, 1), steps(4), linear;
        -webkit-animation-play-state: running, running, running;
        -webkit-animation-fill-mode: forwards;
      }

  </style>

  <!-- 3= STROKEWIDTH -->
  <!-- 14= RADIUS + STROKEWIDTH/2 -->
  <!-- 12.5= RADIUS -->
  <!-- 1.5=  STROKEWIDTH/2 -->
  <!-- ARCSIZE would affect the 1.5,14 part of this... 1.5,14 is specific to
       270 degress -->
  <g class="qp-circular-loader">
    <path class="qp-circular-loader-path" fill="none" 
          d="M 14,1.5 A 12.5,12.5 0 1 1 1.5,14" stroke-width="3"
          stroke-linecap="round"></path>
  </g>
</svg>

// Copyright 2014 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
// Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
// found in the LICENSE file.

(function() {
  var elems = document.querySelectorAll(
      'meta[property="og:type"],meta[name="og:type"]');
  for (var i in elems) {
    if (elems[i].content && elems[i].content.toUpperCase() == 'ARTICLE') {
      return true;
    }
  }
  var elems = document.querySelectorAll(
      '*[itemtype="http://schema.org/Article"]');
  for (var i in elems) {
    if (elems[i].itemscope) {
      return true;
    }
  }
  return false;
})()
// Copyright 2015 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
// Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
// found in the LICENSE file.

(function() {
  function hasOGArticle() {
    var elems = document.head.querySelectorAll(
        'meta[property="og:type"],meta[name="og:type"]');
    for (var i in elems) {
      if (elems[i].content && elems[i].content.toUpperCase() == 'ARTICLE') {
        return true;
      }
    }
    return false;
  }

  var body = document.body;
  if (!body) {
    return false;
  }
  return JSON.stringify({
     'opengraph': hasOGArticle(),
     'url': document.location.href,
     'numElements': body.querySelectorAll('*').length,
     'numAnchors': body.querySelectorAll('a').length,
     'numForms': body.querySelectorAll('form').length,
     'innerText': body.innerText,
     'textContent': body.textContent,
     'innerHTML': body.innerHTML,
  });
})()
d